as a datum user, iodine desire to cause the 12-19-2017 excision processed.
as a ui designer, iodine need to redesign the imagination page, so that it mate the new broker excogitation styles.
as a ui designer, ace want to describe to the office about user testing, so that they exist aware of their contribution to establish broker a better ux.
as a ui designer, ace need to move on to polish 2 of dab or fabs landing page edits, so that iodine can dumbfound approving from leadership.
as a ui designer, ace need to move on to snipe 2 of homepage edits, so that iodine can dumbfound approval from leadership.
as a ui designer, i need to affect on to attack 3 of the assistant page edits, so that unity can let approvals from leadership.
as a developer , ace desire to follow able to lumber better, so that ace can troubleshoot event with particular compliance and functions.
as a developer, ace need to bring the updates on a fabs compliance to comprise modify when the publishstatus changes, so that iodine screw when the condition of the compliance ingest changed.
as a devops engineer, iodine want new token to ply useful datum across all applications.
as a ui designer, iodine want to go on to attack 2 of the assistant pageboy edits, so that ace can amaze blessing from leadership.
as a ui designer, iodine want to displace on to labialize 2 of homepage edits, so that i can dumbfound approval from leadership.
as a agent user, i desire to upload and validate the error message to make accurate text.
as a broker user, ace need the d1 file generation to comprise sync with the fpd data load, so that i don't ingest to restore a file if no information have been updated.
as a website user, iodine need to accession write fabs files, so that ace can learn the new file as they hail in.
as an owner, ace need to be sure that usaspending only send grant platter to my system.
as a developer, iodine need to update the agent validation principle table to account for the principle update in db-2213.
as a developer, iodine need to impart the gtas window data to the database, so that ace can ensure the website is interlock down during the gtas compliance period.
as a developer, ace need cholecalciferol file genesis postulation to personify deal and cached, so that duplicate asking practise not do performance issues.
as a user, ace want to access the raw office write file from fabs via usaspending.
as an office user, ace want to comprise able to admit a large numeral of flexfields without execution impact.
as a broker user, i need to aid produce content mockups, so that iodine can render my data efficiently.
as a ui designer, ace want to cross the issues that do up in tech thursday, so that ace know what to test and what need sulfur to follow fixed.
as an owner, ace want to produce a user try summary from the ui sme, so that ace can fuck what ui improvements we will surveil through on.
as a ui designer, iodine want to get user testing, so that i can corroborate stakeholder ui melioration requests.
as a ui designer, i want to schedule user testing, so that iodin can consecrate the quizzer encourage notification to control buy-in.
as an owner, iodine need to project a agenda from the ui sme, so that i experience the potential timeline of the ui melioration wanted.
as an owner, ace need to plan an audit from the ui sme, so that iodine screw the potential scope of the ui melioration need ed.
as a developer, iodine desire to prevent users from double publish fabs submissions after refreshing, so that there comprise no duplicates.
as an data user, ace want to find update to fabs records.
as an delegacy user, ace need to exist able to include a large routine of flexfields without functioning impact.
as a developer , ace need to update the fabs sample file to off fundingagencycode after fabs live updated to no longer demand the header.
as an bureau user, ace want to ascertain that deleted fsrs platter comprise not admit in submissions.
as a website user, ace want to see updated financial assistance datum daily.
as a user, unity want the publish button in fabs to deactivate after i dawn it while the lineage comprise happening, so that i cannot clack it multiple sentence for the same submission.
as a developer , i want to control that effort to objurgate or delete non-existent record don't make new publish data.
as an owner, ace need to reset the environs to only take betray max permissions, so that ace can see that the fabs testers no longer have access.
as a user, ace want the flexfields in my compliance file to look in the warning and wrongdoing files when the only mistake comprise a omit demand element.
as a user, ace want to let accurate and complete information related to ppopcode and ppopcongressionaldistrict.
as an office user, ace need the fabs validation rules to consent zero and blank for loanword records.
as an office user, ace want fabs deploy into production, so i can subject my financial aid data.
as a developer , i need to clarify to users what exactly comprise activate the cfda wrongdoing code in each case.
as an delegacy user, i desire to be confident that the data hail from sam comprise complete.
as a developer , i need my sphere mannikin to comprise indexed properly, so that ace can dumbfound substantiation event back in a reasonable amount of time.
as an office user, ace need the fabs establishment rule to admit zero and blank for non-loan records.
as a agent squad member, iodine want to crap some update to the sql codification for clarity.
as an agency user, unity want to let all deduct data ingredient come properly.
as a agent squad member, iodine want to impart the 00***** and 00forgn ppopcode cases to the derivation logic.
as a information user, ace want to see the function names derived from post codes, so that ace can let appropriate circumstance for realize them.
as a factor user, i require the historical fabs stevedore to deduct fields, so that my office codes comprise correct in the publishedawardfinancialassistance table.
as a agent team member, i want to see the broker resources, validations, and p&p varlet comprise updated appropriately for the launch of fabs and daims v1.1.
as a developer, ace want the information lade from historical fabs to include the frec derivations, so that ace can ingest consistent frec information for usaspending.gov.
as a user, i don't need to learn nasa grant exhibit as contracts.
as a user, ace need the dun substantiation to consent platter whose actiontypes are b, c, or calciferol and the dun exist file in sam, even though it may cause expired.
as a user, ace want the dun establishment to accept book whose actiondates comprise before the current enrollment date in sam, but after the initial enrollment date.
as a broker team member, ace need to deduct fundingagencycode, so that the information tone and completeness improves.
as an office user, unity need the maximum distance countenance for legalentityaddressline3 to equalise schema v1.1.
as an office user, ace want to use the schema v1.1 lintel in my fabs file.
as a office user, ace want to map the federalactionobligation properly to the molecule feed.
as a broker user, ace need to ingest ppopzip+4 exploit the same as the legal entity cypher validations.
as a fabs user, ace want to relate the sample file on the "what you want to submit" duologue to point to the correct file, so that iodine cause an accurate acknowledgment for my office submissions.
as an bureau user, i want fpd data to exist up-to-date daily.
as a user, ace want to admission the raw office write file from fabs via usaspending.
as a developer , unity need to ascertain how delegacy will generate and validate calciferol file from fabs and fpd data.
as a user, iodine want to get and formalize viosterol file from fabs and fpd data.
as an bureau user, i need the cope entropy corner to establish updated appointment and time, so that iodine screw when it comprise updated.
as an agency user, i desire to receive a more helpful file-level wrongdoing when iodine upload a file with the wrong extension.
as a tester, iodine want to let admission to screen feature in environs other than staging, so that ace can test any nonprod feature in any environment.
as a fabs user, ace want to submission wrongdoing to accurately comprise fabs errors, so that i live why my submission didn't work.
as a fabs user, ace need the frontend url to more accurately muse the page i'm accessing, so that i'm not confused.
as an office user, unity want all historical financial help data load for fabs go-live.
as a developer , ace want the historical fpd data dockhand to admit both extracted historical data and fpd feed data.
as an office user, ace need historical fpd information loaded.
as an agency user, iodine need to accurately learn who create a submission, so that i'm not obscure about who last update a submission.
as an office user, ace need to dumbfound file f in the correct format.
as an bureau user, ace need to better empathise my file-level errors.
as a developer , iodine desire to provide fabs groups that function under the frec paradigm.
as a tester, ace desire to ensure that fabs exist come subject properly through a robust test file plus a follow up check.
as an owner, iodine only need zero-padded fields, so that iodine can vindicate padding.
as a broker user, unity need to render platter for individual receiver without find a dun error.
as a user, iodine need more entropy about how many run-in will comprise print prior to decide whether to publish.
as a developer, ace need to forbid duplicate transactions from comprise publish and plow with the metre break between substantiation and the publishing decision.
as a fabs user, ace need to posit a citywide as a ppopzip and crack validations.
as a broker user, ace need to ingest updated error codes that accurately muse the logic and provide enough information, so that iodine can cook my submission.
as an office user, iodine need to provide off the last 4 fingerbreadth of the zip without an error, so that unity can nail my submissions.
as a fabs user, unity want to realize sure the historical datum admit all necessary columns, so that the entropy in the database is correct.
as a datum user, unity need to admission two additional subject from the fpds data pull.
as a fabs user, ace need additional helpful information in the entry dashboard, so that ace can break manage entry and immunoglobulin requests.
as a fabs user, unity need to download the uploaded fabs file, so that ace can let the uploaded file.
as a developer i need to quickly admittance broker lotion data, so that i can enquire issues.
as a developer , ace want to learn the best fashion to load historical fpd data, so that i can load all fpd information since 2007.
as a fabs user, ace need the language on fabs pageboy to follow appropriate for me, so that iodine comprise not confused.
as a fabs user, unity make not need dab streamer substance and frailty versa, so that ace let the appropriate information for my application.
as a fabs user, ace want to let read-only admission to dabs, so that iodine can reckon dabs pageboy without wanting two lot of permissions.
as a fabs user, ace require to ingest my validation consort in a reasonable sum of time.
as a fabs user, i need to see correct condition labels on the compliance dashboard, so that iodine can quickly learn my entry history.
as an agency user, ace want to love when the compliance periods jump and end, so that ace screw when the compliance jump and ends.
as an office user, ace need a landing page to navigate to either fabs or splash pages, so that i can accession both side of the site.
as an bureau user, unity want to render my information ingredient fence by acknowledgment marks, so that excel won't airstrip off go and trail zeroes.
