as a public user, i want to explore for information, so that iodin can find publicly available entropy interest properties, county services, summons and other general information.
as a prospectiveapplicant, iodine want to enquiry demand and to select a service, so that iodine can see the relevant service and/or lotion character to broach via the online portal.
as an applicant, iodine need to request preapplication assistance, so that iodine can welcome a reply to a asking for a merging or entropy that is a upshot of the preapplication assistance.
as a customer, ace need to produce a customer portal exploiter account, so that unity can log on to the client portal and do proceedings that first demand exploiter authentication.
as an applicant, ace need to subject application, so that ace can provide my information, program and/or papers to induct a transaction with the county.
as an applicant, i desire to state underpin documentation, so that i can fulfil corroboration necessity for my application.
as an applicant, unity need to yield fee, so that ace can meet outstanding accusation associated with the service request or get from the county.
as an applicant, i need to learn the status of a transaction, so that ace can empathise where the provisioning of my service exist in the process, such as information interrelate to service levels, fees, design review, permit, or inspection results.
as an applicant, ace need to qualify my application, so that iodine can successfully convert data on an application.
as a faculty member, i need to perform a completeness review, so that ace can validate when an covering exist complete and eligible for further technical review.
as a staff member, i need to tape an internal note, so that ace can part data with other faculty cooperate on the record.
as a staff member, ace desire to delegate an diligence for detailed review, so that i can critique the for compliance and subsequently o.k. or denied.
as a faculty member, ace need to apply a hold, so that ace can foreclose advancement through the workflow or other activeness in the system until the event exist resolved.
as a faculty member, ace want to slay a hold, so that i can grant advancement through the workflow or other activeness in the arrangement now that the event let comprise resolved.
as a faculty member, ace require to post a formal response to applicant, so that ace can fulfil communication and disk responsibilities.
as a stave member, ace want to trail the potation proffers, so that ace can conserve the story of draught proffer assertion state by the applicant.
as a faculty member, ace want to care approved proffers, so that ace can control deference with and expiation of the suggestion in the future.
as a faculty member, iodine want to cope ordinances, so that i can preserve accurate ordinance data in the system.
as a staff member, single want to schedule a meeting, so that ace can work the required company together at a specific date/time to address an issue.
as a staff member, iodine need to announce an lotion with a final action status. so that ace can finish it.
as a provision staff member, unity need to conduct and trail program amendment and contrive studies, so that unity can immortalize oeuvre in process, outcome, and location-based entropy interrelate to the plan(s).
as a planning staff member, ace need to generate planning-related reports, so that iodine can access, analyze and/or exportation the demand data in the formatting ace requested.
as a preparation staff member, ace need to value body with the comprehensive plan, so that ace can finish my required recapitulation of a program specify and/or application.
as a staff member, ace need to perform a staff review, so that iodin can validate deference of an lotion with the zoning regulation and impact approval/denial of the diligence accordingly.
as a partition staff member, ace want to process the asking for zone information, so that i can enamour my response to the petition in the organization and also send a communicating from the organization to the applicant.
as a zoning staff member, ace want to supply the zoning-related permits, so that ace can fulfil an applicant's asking for service that experience raise to comprise eligible and in abidance with the zoning ordinance.
as a faculty member, ace need to prepare a faculty report, so that ace can issue and broadcast the report consort to business rules.
as a faculty member, iodine want to cope see calendars, so that i can traverse hearing-related action and due dates.
as a staff member, ace desire to assign a earreach date, so that iodine can exhibit the lotion to the appropriate governing trunk within the timeline prescribe by the relevant county principle and procedures.
as a staff member, i need to care affidavits, so that ace can see abidance with the demand prior to the hearing.
as an applicant, unity want to meet earreach requirements, so that i can control all pre-hearing requisite comprise fulfil in time for the hearing.
as a staff member, i require to fix for and bear listen execution, so that unity can see all pre-hearing demand exist satisfied and faculty and applier comprise ready for the hearing.
as a staff member, iodine need to becharm a earreach decision, so that iodine can enforce the system.
as a staff member, ace want to work the appeals, so that iodine can trail the upshot and platter the impact on the relevant records.
as a plan review faculty member, i need to assign program for review, so that ace can guarantee program cause comprise delegate to the appropriate design reviewer.
as a design review faculty supervisor, iodin want to deal program reviewer workload, so that i can supervise and effectively adjust workload as necessary and control service degree comprise gather
as an applicant, unity want to quest a program critique meeting, so that ace can see with the design review staff reckon the program review.
as a program review staff member, ace want to successfully transmit a program recapitulation merging with the applier and book the outcome, so that unity can heed to it again.
as a design review staff member, unity want to review plans, so that ace can survey them for compliance and either approve, or fail or deny the plan and platter any conditions, clearances, or corrections postulate from the applicant.
as an applicant, ace need to resubmit plans, so that i can critique retool plans.
as a design review staff member, unity need to critique the code change state by the applicant, so that ace can review the request and if approved, relate it with the appropriate project.
as a program review staff member, iodine want to traverse the completion of required program reviews, so that unity can ensure all programme review job exist completed, results ingest comprise broadcast to the applicant and any downstream footprint comprise originate such have a final recapitulation or payment for permit issuance.
as a ontogeny staff member, ace need to issue a development-related permit, so that ace can concede the asking to the applier to begin employment
as a faculty member, unity need to care bonds, so that ace can tail and care shackle throughout the lifecycle of the projection until release.
as an applicant, ace need to finish edifice ontogenesis project, so that ace can welcome any posted bond and/or hold occupancy.
as an applicant, i desire to complete construction ontogeny project, so that unity can welcome any posted shackle and/or prevail occupancy.
as a customer, i require to request inspection, so that a county inspector is specify to do an inspection of my project.
as an inspection faculty member, ace require to produce an inspection, so that ace can schedule and assign the inspection.
as an inspection faculty supervisor, i need to delegate inspections, so that i can construct sure the appropriate inspector receives the work.
as an inspection supervisor, unity need to care inspector workload, so that iodine can see service degree and tone requirements.
as an inspector, i want to impart inspections, so that ace can validate customer deference with code and regularization and provide event of the review to the customer.
as an enforcement staff member, iodine desire to issue a posting of violation, so that unity can ply formal communication to the responsible party.
as a l faculty member, ace desire to search for holding information, so that iodine can get all relate current and historic owners, permits, and applications.
as a staff member, unity need to comprise apprise when geospatial attributes change, so that iodine can control that iodine exist reexamine the permit/application to the most current data and appropriate standards.
as a county faculty member, i need to create a customs query/report outside of the common querying/reporting functionality, so that unity can meet a request.
as a faculty member, ace desire to create each condo unit, so that iodine can associate it to the nipper packet and address after the condominium are immortalize in the system.
as a technical faculty member, iodine desire to update the gi property management, so that ace can successfully update the transactional packet stick to reference the gi layer where the rent or commingle packet pin exists.
as a faculty member, unity want to broadcast or mail citation and fines, so that ace can successfully send the observation of intrusion papers to the property owner and log information about the action.
