as a user, i want to flick on the address, so that it hire me to a new tab with google maps.
as a user, i want to comprise able to anonymously reckon public information, so that i fuck about reprocess centers near me before create an account.
as a user, ace desire to comprise able to infix my cypher code and dumbfound a list of nearby reuse facilities, so that iodine can see which ace iodine should consider.
as a user, i need to follow able to dumbfound the hours of each reprocess facility, so that unity can do slump on my off days or during after-work hours.
as a user, ace need to let a flexible pickaxe up time, so that ace can more conveniently expend the website.
as a user, i need to be able to select different case of recyclable waste, so i cause and dumbfound a list of deftness that accept each type and their initiative hours, so that iodine can witness an optimal route and schedule.
as a user, iodine want to bring donation essence as favorites on my profile, so that ace can reckon them later.
as a user, iodine want to comprise able to founder my e-mail id, so that unity can receive telling for new upshot as they exist posted.
as a user, iodine want to personify able to regard a map display of the public recycling bin around my area.
as a user, i want to comprise able to reckon a function display of the special wastefulness drop-off off site around my area.
as a user, i want to comprise able to reckon the safe disposal upshot currently being mastermind around my area.
as a user, iodine want to select a flexible filling up time, so that i can more conveniently habituate the website.
as a user, ace need to reckon user certification for the website, so that ace recognise how to apply the www app.
as a user, 1 need to come feedback when unity introduce an invalid vigor code.
as a user, i need to follow able to produce an acocunt, so that iodine can produce my own profile.
as an admin, ace want to exist able to impart or withdraw reuse facilities' information, so that users dumbfound the most recent information.
as an admin, ace desire to exist able to read users' feedback and complaints, so that we can impart more features and keep ameliorate the servicing we provide to them.
as a user, i need to comprise able to learn transaction story and keep a record of it, so that unity can proceed back when needed.
as a user, ace need to let a great ui and ux from the sites, so that iodine cause a pleasant experience when sail through them.
as a user, ace want to follow able to accession the site and come all the other poppycock on all of my electronic devices.
as an admin, ace need to be able to kibosh specific exploiter establish on ip address, so that ace can forestall spamming on the websites.
as an admin, ace need to reckon a dashboard that monitor all the sites' statuses, so that iodine can let a sentience of what people personify doing on our website and love the servicing status.
as an admin, unity want to experience all data encrypted, so that important entropy will not represent slip during a server break or an attack.
as an executive, iodine need to cause full access to data interrelate to my company, so that ace can experience a sensation of my company's performance.
as an employee, ace want to entree the path provision organisation during work, so that i can comprise channelise through the neighbourhood.
as an employee from the hr department, i need to let access to the full data of all employees working for this business.
as a developer, ace want to admission an api from the website, so that iodine can desegregate it and enforce certain feature in my own io application.
as a user, i want to comprise able to receive tempt rewards, so that i cause a ground to expend the website.
as a user, ace need to cause my personal information restrain securely in the database of the website, so that iodine will not tolerate from identity theft or telephone harassment.
as an admin, i want to care all users' activities, so that iodine can cope more efficiently.
as a company, i want to have a website that comprise easy to use, so that ace can upload or cancel stuff step by step.
as an employee, iodine want to get quick notifications, so that ace can serve example the first time.
as a troupe accountant, i want to reckon all available activity fees online, so that iodine can easily create a handbill statement.
as a developer, ace need to utilise bootstrap in the summons of developing, so that ace can easily design my website.
as a developer, ace need to see some ui/ux lessons, so that ace can prepare an awesome and beautiful feature website.
as a user, i need to see all fix of reuse essence on a map, so that ace can check which root to hire to deteriorate off waste.
as a user, ace want to upload my week's schedule, so that iodine can let testimonial for reprocess inwardness that best tantrum my availability.
as a user, i need to relate my email story to my profile, so that i can dumbfound a temporary password in event ace forget my own one.
as a user, unity need to meet the administrators, so that iodine can establish feedback or necessitate for help.
as an admin, i want to impart recycling center information, so that ace can restrain the database up-to-date over time.
as an admin, i want to see user wrongdoing logs, so that ace can repair or review any subject that comprise being front by exploiter of the system.
as an admin, i need to onboard reprocess essence on the platform, so that ace can increase data accuracy.
as a superuser, ace need to update the recycling essence information, so that ace can leave the latest entropy about the recycling center.
as a superuser, unity want to reckon users' stats, so that i can view in real-time how many exploiter have chitchat my reprocess essence entropy and their recyclable waste.
as a superuser, unity need to reply to user questions, so that iodine can resolve any doubtfulness about my recycling center.
as an admin, ace want to comprise able to let a dashboard that shew usage stats and locations, so that ace can discover the neighborhood with the largest bit of slump and to try let more deftness involved.
as an admin, ace desire to comprise able to commune directly with facilities, so that iodine can restrain them update about lineament we ingest on our website.
as a user, ace need to exist able to range through the list of facolities and see which ace exist environment-friendly, so that i can experience for sure my thriftlessness personify not proceed to provide a negative ecological footprint.
as a recyclingfacility representative, single want to comprise able to update my entropy and the character of cloth unity accept, so that ace can avoid any miscommunication with users.
as a recyclingfacility representative, ace need to cause admission to user stats and schedules, so that iodine can correct my hours and/or upgrade equipment and capacity in decree to comprise able to accomodate larger amount of recyclable materials.
as a recyclingfacility, ace desire to exist able to convey directly with the situation admin and impart any subject or concerns i have, so that they repair them.
