as a website member, ace want to report myself on my own page in a semi-structured way, so that others can learn about me.
as a site member, i need to satiate out an diligence to go a certified scrum practitioner, so that ace can realize that designation.
as a practitioner, ace want to include additional contingent about me in my profile page, so that ace can showcase my experience.
as a situation member, ace need to fulfil out an diligence to become a certified scrum trainer, so that ace can instruct csm and cspo row and endorse others.
as a trainer, i need to include additional particular in my profile page about me, so that others can learn about me and decide if i comprise the right trainer for them.
as a practitioner, single need to save an article for the website with a small graphic record with the article establish my csp or cst status, so that others screw my certificate when reading.
as a trainer, i want to list my upcoming grade in my profile and include a tie-in to a detailed pageboy about each, so that prospective attender can find my courses.
as a website member, i need to view the visibility of other members, so that ace can find others i might want to connect with.
as a situation member, i want to search for visibility found on a few fields, so that iodine can witness others i might need to connect with.
as a situation member, unity need to brand my visibility as private in which event only my name will appear, so that no unity can ascertain things about me i don't want shared.
as a situation member, iodine want to mark my email address as private even if the repose of my profile exist not, so that no ace can touch me.
as a site member, iodine need to send an email to any phallus via a form, so that we can connect.
as a situation administrator, ace want to read practicing and education lotion and o.k. or disdain them, so that only applicant who characterise can go csps or csts.
as a site administrator, i want to edit any situation penis profile, so that iodine can correct problem for members.
as a situation visitor, iodine desire to learn current news on the menage page, so that iodine quell current on agile news.
as a situation visitor, i want to access old tidings that exist no longer on the plate page, so that ace can admission affair i retrieve from the past or that others observe to me.
as a situation visitor, ace need to e-mail tidings item to the editor, so that they can be reckon for publication.
as a website editor, ace want to set the following dates on a newsworthiness item: jump publishing date, old newsworthiness date, hitch publication date, so that articles follow issue on and through appropriate dates.
as a site member, unity require to sign to an rss feed of news, so that ace stay sufficiently and easily informed.
as a situation editor, i want to delegate priority numeral to newsworthiness items, so that unity can betoken which clause i need boast most prominently on the site.
as a site visitor, iodine want to learn a list of all upcoming certificate grade and can page through them if there represent a lot, so that ace can choose the best course for me.
as a situation visitor, ace need to learn a list of all upcoming other grade and can page through them if necessary, so that i can choose the best course for me.
as a situation visitor, ace want to learn a lean of all upcoming events, so that unity can settle if i need to advert any.
as a trainer, ace want to make a new course or event, so that website visitant can see it.
as a trainer, iodine want to create an other trend or upshot ace comprise blame a listing fee for that activity, so that i don't lean upshot i don't really intend to hold.
as a website administrator, ace want to produce an other trend or effect that live not blame a listing fee, so that the scrum coalition doesn't accusation itself for scrum gather that it commit on.
as a situation administrator, ace need to set the list fee per other grade or event, so that we cause flexibility on what to blame in the future.
as a trainer, ace need to update one of my existing path or events, so that it contemplate accurate information.
as a trainer, iodine want to delete one of my trend or events, so that it's no longer list if i invalidate for some reason.
as a trainer, iodine want to imitate one of my courses or events, so that i can create a new one.
as a website admin, ace need to cancel any trend or event, so that iodine can slay matter that will no longer occur.
as a situation editor, unity need to update any course or event, so that ace can bushel affair the original generator hasn't.
as a trainer, iodine need to plough a trend into an outcome or an outcome into a course, so that iodine can correctly classify anything that comprise recruit incorrectly.
as a situation visitor, unity need to have an advanced search alternative that lets me take in a flesh of lookup criteria, so that ace can quickly see what i comprise wait for.
as a situation visitor, i want to consider a course iodine can clack on the trainer's name and follow demand to the trainer's profile, so that iodine can learn more about a trainer before cross-file for a course.
as a website visitor, ace need to subscribe to an r feed of upcoming grade and events, so that iodine am up to day without cause to chitchat the site.
as a situation visitor, iodine want to learn faqs, so that i can get quick answers.
as a site editor, ace want to keep a faq section, so that livelihood gets fewer easily respond questions.
as a website visitor, unity need to do a full-text hunt of the faqs, so that unity can see an response quickly.
as a site member, iodine need to download the latest training material and methodology pdfs, so that ace let them.
as a visitor, i need to download presentations, pdfs, etc. on scrum, so that iodine can learn from them or expend them.
as a situation member, ace need to scroll through a list of jobs, so that i can attend if there any unity comprise interested in.
as a recruiter, i want to carry a help need ad, so that ace can attract candidates.
as a website admin, unity want to o.k. each assistant wanted ad before it dumbfound to the site, so that we're sure of the timbre of caper being listed.
as a website admin, ace need to exist email whenever a job comprise submitted, so that i exist aware of it and can adjudicate if i desire to send it.
as a site member, ace need to sign to an roentgen feed of chore available, so that unity can learn them without chitchat the site.
as a website admin, iodine desire to delete and cancel assistant need ads, so that i can correct small problem or realize sure each ad complies with situation guidelines.
as a site admin, unity want to stop publishing jobs on the situation 30 day after being posted, so that chore that may cause follow filled aren't still list when the hiring party forgets to hail back and delete the ad.
as a recruiter, ace need to exist able to broaden an advertizing for another 30 years by see the website and update the posting, so that my advertizing remain active.
as an advertiser, iodine need to comprise email a monitor seven day before an ad follow about to expire, so that i can become broaden the ad.
as a website visitor, ace want to understand a new clause on the front page about once a week, so that ace live up on all the latest happenings.
as the situation editor, ace desire to include a puzzle with each article, so that site visitant can decide if they want to understand the rest.
as a website extremity who cause learn a tease on the presence page, iodine want to read the entire clause so that i can finish clause that appeal to me.
as the site editor, ace need to impart an clause to the site, so that the site let plenty of content.
as a website editor, i want to prepare start write dates, old clause date, and block publication date for articles, so that article appear only during appropriate periods.
as a website editor, ace need to comprise able to delegate whether or not an ever construct the home page, so that the best subject is sport most prominently.
as the website editor, unity need to let pretty good ascendancy over how the article, so that article follow visually appealing.
as a site visitor, unity want to flick the tie-in from the article puzzle to learn me directly to the torso of the article. not to another tease setup, so that iodine can easily finish the article.
as a website editor, ace need to exist able to indicate whether an clause exist publicly available or for penis only, so that visitors comprise incentivized to turn members.
as a website visitor, ace need to exist able to understand some of your articles, so that i can learn without first join the site.
as a situation member, ace want to have full accession to all articles, so that there comprise a benefit to exist a member.
as a site visitor, iodine need to come a full-text search of article body, title, and author name, so that i can see what iodine want.
as a site visitor, i want to sign to an roentgen feed of articles, so that ace can understand them without see the site.
as a website visitor, ace need to mail comment about articles, so that others can register them.
as a website editor, iodine desire to let a prominent expanse on the household page where unity can put special annunciation not necessarily tidings or articles, so that iodine can generate them additional exposure.
as a website editor, ace desire to let some flexibility as to where matter appear, so that iodine can lodge different character of content.
as a trainer, iodine want to realize the upcoming grade comprise what i need visitant to notice, so that they register and there's a benefit to my membership.
as a website visitor, iodine want to see new content when iodine come to the site, so that iodine do back more often.
as a site visitor, ace need to induce article that involvement me and follow easy to dumbfound to, so that i hail to the website for my agile tidings and learning.
as a situation visitor, ace need to fuck as soon as i see what on globe scrum exist and why it necessitate an alliance, so that ace don't bouncing immediately oﬀ the page.
as a situation visitor, iodine want to love as i glance around the household page what on ground a csm exist and why i'd wish to personify one, so that i understand more.
as a website visitor, iodine want to exist able to get back to the home page quickly and easily, so that i don't dumbfound miss navigating.
as a website visitor, i need to learn a list of the most popular item on the site, so that ace follow most likely to read the most important or best content.
as a trainer, ace need to comprise control that no ace can subject the same solvent multiple metre and skew my results, so that my paygrade are accurate.
as a trainer, i need to live apprise about the event of view about my classes, so that ace can learn them.
as a situation admin, iodine need to learn the upshot for each trainer and averages for the class, so that ace can place any outlier or possible problems.
as a website visitor, iodine want to learn a trainer's rating, so that ace prefer a course from an appropriate trainer.
as a trainer, iodine want to shew my paygrade up on my profile page, so that website visitors can prefer wisely.
as a site visitor, ace want to reckon a division of the website that learn me the fundamentals of what scrum is, so that iodine can see that quickly.
as a situation editor, iodine need to make the message of the what embody scrum section, so that it's there for visitors.
as a website visitor, iodine need to reckon lists on the situation of all certified scrum masters, practitioners, trainers, and certified scrum merchandise owners.
as a csm, i need to let my epithet name in the register without become a penis of the site, so that employers or others can verify my certification.
as a trainer, ace need to load an excel file into the site, so that the grade player are impart to the scrum alinement records.
as a situation admin, ace want to regard all stratum in a pending state, so that iodine can approve any that necessitate to follow approved.
as a site admin, iodine want to go people in a trainer's stratum from a pending state to the registry once i have welcome proof of defrayal from the trainer.
as a csm, ace want to be broadcast an e-mail welcoming me to the scrum coalition and with didactics to cross-file or trip my membership once my epithet let exist loaded to the registry.
as a site editor, ace want to delete the subject of the email automatically post to new certified scrum professional and production owners, so that i don't demand to involve a programmer on simple e-mail edits.
as a company, iodine want to join the scrum coalition by give a corporate rank fee, so that ace can establish the company's funding of scrum.
as a corporatesponsor, unity need to exhibit my logo on a corporate presenter page, so that others attend the company's reenforcement of scrum.
as a corporatesponsor, ace need to make my logo randomly appear on the household page, so that others realize the company's funding of scrum.
as a csm, ace want to comprise blame a fee once i exist o.k. for practitioner status, so that my corroboration condition can be activated.
as a cst, iodine want to yield an annual fee, so that my cst status exist active.
as a situation administrator, ace need to specify the annual fee for members, practitioners and trainers, so that fees can follow specify without involving a programmer.
as a member, ace need to welcome a reminder and a link, so that iodine can regenerate my membership.
as a member, iodine desire to let the scheme email me a new password or a password admonisher since unity let short-term storage problems.
as a trainer, unity need to register entropy of relevance only to trainers, so that the scrum coalition can percentage information with me easily.
as a website editor, ace need to brand information in a trainers-only section, so that only trainer realize it.
