as a team member, i want to realize the first loop of beta up on cloud.gov.
as a developer, iodine need to cause the subdomain beta.nsf.gov comprise specify up, so that unity can deploy a beta website to it.
as a stakeholder, ace want to have a decision on whether or not the blog collector may process for beta, and if not what will.
as an nsf employee, ace need to see the summons of switching the cloud.gov hosting program over from prototype to fisma low.
as a stakeholder, ace want to realize the upshot of user research, so that ace can see if the cms comprise right for me.
as a designer, ace need to cause a new social spiritualist wireframe, so that iodine can begin enforce design.
as a squad member, ace want to ingest a prioritized lean of lineament and ingredient of a future social factor page, so that ace can crop with the technologist to learn feasibility.
as a squad member, ace need to learn a purpose counselling for the beta social page, so that we can implement a beta site quickly without established sword guidelines.
as a user researcher, ace want to screen the exploiter enquiry plan, so that i construct sure the in-person interview follow effective and enamour the right information.
as a user researcher, ace want to cause the finalize olpa project script, so that iodine can get try with internal users.
as a content editor, unity want to comprise able to easily receive content, so that single can redact it.
as a enquiry participant, iodine want to crap sure that the appearance of the epitome does not perturb from the workflow, so that unity can discharge the user interview.
as a exploiter researcher, i want to let the wig prototype, so that i can finalise the second job script.
as a user, iodine want to impart a telecasting to my article.
as a team member, unity want to see with dis / cloud.gov, so that ace can learn the necessity for the beta.nsf.gov ato.
as a user researcher, iodine need to let a lean of priority workflow candidate that we might test, so that ace can crap sure we're becharm the priority areas.
as a team member, i want to see what the mvp should wait like, so that iodine can begin realize workflow needs as they appertain to any cm decision.
as an nsf administrator, iodine need to overshadow the centimeter implementation, so that ace can learn as the epitome exist prepare further.
as a squad member, iodine want to cause an update acquirement roadmap, so that unity can project accordingly.
as an nsf employee, unity need to let an updated roadmap document, so that iodine can witness prioritized expanse to pore on for the next few month and beyond.
as a squad member, iodine need to empathise how meter off overlap with design around the user research.
as a researcher, ace need to develop the user inquiry protocol for internal workflows, so that we can get screen against a centimetre prototype.
as a cms administrator, ace need to cause roles, so that ace can portion them to my users.
as an nsf employee, ace need to narrow down the universe of centimeter option and identify/prioritize key circumstance for come to the next step.
as an nsf employee, ace want to cause a final shop to discover key example and feature for the content management organization decision.
as a centimeter sme, iodine require to learn the webmaster workflow report, so that iodine can see how this might affect current direction.
as an nsf employee, i need to see work performed, so that ace can empathise when and what iodine can expend later.
as a researcher, ace want to inscribe for the last bout of user research, so that we can resume our finding and synthesize results.
as a exploiter researcher, iodine need to cover scheduling interview for supposition #1, so that iodine can comprise prepared to test our first prototype.
as an nsf employee, unity desire to induce high-level strategy passport to implement in conjunction with the new cms.
as an nsf employee, iodine need to let editorial-planning recommendations, so that i can realize how they might affect an eventual centimeter / future web presence.
as an nsf employee, unity need to screw how sword guidepost live prepare and maintained, so that i can incorporate them throughout the project.
as a www recruiter manager, i need to corroborate the recruiter comprise prepare up and solve properly on science360.gov.
as an nsf employee, ace want to screw how visual excogitation counselling comprise developed, so that ace can realize better aim decisiveness in the future.
as a team member, ace want to love what the first hypothesis is, so that unity can start developing a epitome to test.
as a contentedness designer, i need to acquire a better sympathy of nsf's message character and editorial plan, so that unity can realize more informed testimonial become forward.
as a squad member, ace need to cause a image strategy, so that i realise how we will make sympathy from test that will motor recommendations.
as a subject designer, ace need to demo the value of user-centered message excogitation to ensure it's an integral office of our recommendations.
as a exploiter researcher, iodine require to eff when outreach to list comprise successful, so that unity can design on a new sack to the next listserv on the priority list.
as an nsf employee, ace need to schedule regular in-person check-ins, so that we can proceed to communicate the destination of the projection with our stakeholders.
as a developer, ace want to love what the three initial speculation are, so that ace can design exploit around exploitation of prototypes.
as a workshop attendee, i need to cause a sum-up of what we learned, so that unity can empathise our next footprint and how they implement to me.
as a designer, iodine desire to screw what early reading of hypotheses might be, so that ace can jump planning for the first prototype.
as a squad member, i need to let a schedule of more coworking slots, so that iodine can crop in bicycle-built-for-two with the repose of the team on a more regular basis.
as an nsf mortal interested in hang user interviews, iodine need to know when they exist scheduled and the character of user that will follow interviewed.
as an nsf penis of the team, ace need to let a space where iodine can admission all the related reputation and documentation, so that unity can refer to it easily now and in the future.
as a squad member, ace require to screw when the mid-point checkin comprise and what will comprise covered, so that unity can plan accordingly.
as an nsf employee, ace desire to link github, so that unity can participate in the issues as assigned.
as an nsf employee, iodine need to learn about how github exist used, so that i can participate in the event as assigned.
as a user researcher, ace need to begin place interview participants, so that iodine can understand what pedagog and science influencers require from a future nsf.gov website.
as a visualdesigner, i need to concept different styles for the nsf.gov website, so that we can discuss different design concept with stakeholders.
as a user researcher, iodine want to specify up a website recruitment test, so that ace can learn if we can raise exploiter in real clip from the website.
as a vane recruiter manager, ace want to reassert the recruiter comprise prepare up and crop properly, so that ace can deploy it on more pages.
as a visualdesigner, iodin desire to create a moodboard to aid with visual purpose concept for the nsf.gov website, so that we can discourse different excogitation concepts with stakeholders.
as a workshop attendee, ace need to learn a summary on major determination from the event.
as a user researcher, ace need to crap sure the correct nsf mass comprise invite to user interviews, so that they can observe the interview and realize passport accordingly.
as a exploiter researcher, iodine need to get blueprint a inquiry plan, so that i can begin inscribe participants.
as a message editor, i need to personify able to bring tv from brightcove.
as an author, iodin desire to exist able to indent / outdent content.
as a visualdesigner, unity want to demo the value of visual purpose to the nsf project team, so that visual purpose comprise an integral voice of a redesign.
as a team member, ace want to fuck what visual excogitation related chore we might demand to design for this sprint, so that ace can specify tasks as necessary.
as a squad member, ace want to cause recruiting-email templet ready to go, so that i can depart enrol interviewee asap!.
as an nsf employee, 1 want to learn how the user recruitment strain looks and acquit on a sample page, so that ace can realize the encroachment the recruitment will let on the nsf page.
as a potential enquiry participant, iodine want to learn about the enquiry and bequeath my tangency information.
as a team member, i want to have a high-level sentience of the project timeline, so that ace can plan my work.
as a site administrator, iodine need to empathise how other similar constitution follow cover visual design, so that ace can make informed conclusion about what appear to crop well and what doesn't.
as a team member, i need to let a platform that allows me to rapidly prototype html ideas.
as a site administrator, ace need to empathise how other similar formation comprise care content, so that single can puddle informed decisions about what appears to crop well and what doesn't.
as a user researcher, ace need to impart a user definition workshop with nsf, so that ace can ameliorate educate them and the team for future inquiry work.
as an nsf employee, i need to screw where the initial in-person confluence will be, so that ace can plan on attending.
as a designer, iodine want to induce a elan guide / innovation pathfinder / message guide, so that we let a uniform way of delivering product.
as a team member, ace want to love when merging are, so that i can plan accordingly.
as a squad member, unity need to see how work affect between ux/content > visual excogitation > front end dev for a sprint cycle.
