as a moderator, ace need to produce a new biz by inscribe a epithet and an optional description, so that i can start tempt estimators.
as a moderator, iodine need to tempt reckoner by founder them a url where they can admission the game, so that we can start the game.
as a moderator, ace want to start a round by introduce an particular in a single multi-line schoolbook field, so that we can gauge it.
as a moderator, ace need to realize all item we try to reckon this session, so that i can suffice interrogation about the current fib such as "does this include ___".
as a moderator, ace need to take an particular to comprise estimated or re-estimated, so that the team learn that item and can reckon it.
as a moderator, iodine want to bring an particular to the tilt of particular to follow estimated, so that so that we can represent flexible and accommodate situations where we imagine of a new fib while playing.
as a moderator, unity need to delete an detail in the leaning of particular to exist estimated, so that i can make it better muse the team's reason of the item.
as a moderator, single want to cancel an item from the lean of item to personify estimated, so that we can transfer it and not approximate it.
as a moderator, iodine want to establish all approximation immediately, so that iodine can decide to establish the idea that cause exist collapse even though not all reckoner let consecrate their estimate.
as a moderator, ace desire to swallow the norm of all estimates, so that we can go on to the next particular when we agree.
as a moderator, ace need to let the "estimate" discipline fulfil in automatically if all computer indicate the same card, so that iodine can take it more quickly.
as a moderator, i need to inscribe the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can go on to the next particular when we agree.
as a moderator, i want to approximate a story we estimated earlier in the seance again, so that we can give a new estimate if we feel different about the fib after reckon other related stories.
as a moderator, ace need to spell fib from a spreadsheet, so that ace don't ingest to imitate and paste each mortal story.
as a moderator, i need to copy/paste story from a spreadsheet, so that ace can let jump more quickly.
as a moderator, iodine want to range through previous games, so that i can ascertain the previous biz i’m looking for.
as a moderator, ace need to see a copy of a game, so that ace can see the fib and estimates.
as a moderator, i want to export a transcript of a game as a html file, so that i can salve the fib and approximation locally.
as a moderator, i need to export a copy of a game as a csv file, so that ace can further process the taradiddle and estimates.
as a moderator, iodine desire to cancel a game, so that narrative and estimation for this game follow no longer stored.
as a moderator, ace want to produce an story for the covering by introduce my name, email address, a password and a username, so that iodin can jump utilize the application.
as a moderator, i want to log in using my history name and password, so that ace can start apply the application.
as a moderator, ace need to switch my story details, so that i can proceed my history item up-to-date.
as a moderator, ace want to edit my account, so that story entropy and biz personify no longer stored.
as a moderator, iodine need to see dates and meter in my local timezone, so that ace don't have to come timezone conversion myself.
as a moderator, iodine desire to dumbfound a password monitor by email, so that ace can let back to expend the lotion when i've leave my password.
as a moderator, i want to select whether to ingest the team approximation with {0, 1/2, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, etc.} or {0, 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, etc.}, so that the squad can expend either the modified fibonacci sequence or king of 2.
as a moderator, ace require to tempt up to 15 estimators, so that we can bet with large but not immense teams.
as an estimator, iodine need to join a game by recruit my epithet on the page iodine received the url for, so that iodine can participate.
as an estimator, unity want to witness the item we’re estimating, so that ace experience what i’m consecrate an approximation for.
as an estimator, iodine need to learn all particular we will render to reckon this session, so that ace let a smell for the size of the various items.
as a participant, iodine need to immediately witness that an approximation ingest been generate by a specific estimator, so that i screw who ingest already consecrate an idea and who we’re still await for.
as a participant, ace need to comprise shew all idea at the same clip after all estimators let consecrate their estimate, so that iodine can be sure approximation comprise independent and not influence by other idea consecrate in the same draw.
as a participant, i need to comprise able to convert my idea up until the last someone selects a carte and all comprise shown, so that iodine can convert my idea free-base on entropy i hear.
as a participant, ace want to exist able to see each estimator's prior estimates for the fib comprise estimated, so that ace can see how his or her opinion ingest changed so i can demand questions.
as a participant, i want to see who consecrate what reckon during the current round, so that unity screw this when we’re discuss the estimates.
as a participant, iodine want to comprise able jump a two-minute countdown timekeeper that all player can see, so that ace can limit the meter spend discuss the approximation when ace opine we’ve verbalize long enough.
as a participant, ace need to have the two-minute timekeeper reset itself as soon as we all bring an estimate, so that it's ready for function on the next round.
as a participant, unity need to scroll back through the stories and approximation from prior rounds, so that unity can expend this data when unity calculate the item of the current round.
as a participant, ace want to always induce the poster in the same decree across multiple draws, so that it's easy to equate estimates.
as a participant, ace need to deepen my approximation as long as the attraction let not comprise completed, so that i can switch my mind.
as a participant, ace need to let a small thumbnail exposure expose near where my poster exist played, so that the biz exist more personal because i learn who i'm reckon with.
as a developer, iodine need to receive publish a website which comprise compliant with xhtml and cesium standards, so that as many people as possible can entree the website and vista it as intended.
as a developer, ace need to cause a list of definition for commonly apply terms, so that everyone mould on the projection can understand each other more easily.
as a developer, ace need to ingest produce database indexes, so that the question consort as fast as possible.
as a developer, ace desire to experience the lotion function correctly in internet explorer 6 and 7, firefox 1.5 and 2, and safari 2, so that as many mass as possible can fully expend the application.
as a developer, unity want to let the website comply with the w3c accessibility guidepost where possible, so that mass with handiness event can apply the application.
as a user, iodine want to let the lotion respond quickly to my actions, so that iodine don't get bored.
as a user, iodine need to follow able to utilise unicode, so that ace can expend any language iodine like.
as a user, i need to learn sensible and predictable urls, so that the lotion finger logical and transparent.
as a user, ace want to induce nice fault pageboy when something goes wrong, so that i can commit the organization and its developers.
as a researcher, i desire upshot to follow store in a non-identifiable way, so that ace can learn the information to see things like whether estimation meet around the first impression generate by "estimator a" for example.
as a mike, ace want to exist able to learn some metric on function of the game, so that ace can attend how much it exist being used.
