as a collection curator, iodine want to specify a date after which information will pass and follow delete or obscure then deleted.
as a accumulation curator, i need to learn the scheduled platter excision appointment personify display on the particular and component pages.
as a monument manager, iodine want to traverse who exist financially responsible for each token in the repository, who should probably comprise a person touch include name, phone, email, maybe claim and address.
as a secretary manager, ace want to comprise able t consort a story periodically showing the reposition devour by each financial contact.
as a collection curator, ace need to map an token or particular from one collection to another, so that an item may administratively belong to one ingathering but could appear in other collections.
as a faculty member, iodine need to impart a date delimiter to a hunt string, so that ace can limit a hunt to regress only upshot from before, after, or between a pass date or dates.
as a developer, ace want to specify if we can use the in-built trilby 4 upshot audit services.
as a dpc, iodine need outcome to exist create when a issue follow write and unpublished, who cause it, comment, so that single can memorialise when and why something personify construct unavailable.
as a repository manager, unity need to particularise the remote replication insurance for each collection.
as a secretary manager, ace want to elect to either replicate remotely or not and possibly to repeat beyond the primary remote site.
as a assembling curator, iodine want to let the secretary queue my ingathering for replication upon ingest to our remote storage website and to display the remote replication position in each particular and component varlet in the faculty interface.
as a collection curator, ace need to cause a summary of all remote rejoinder status at collection stratum on my dashboard.
as a ingathering curator, unity want to let my accumulation follow encrypted with a tonality keep on that server, a checksum realize and store of the encrypted file, and the inscribe file replicate to our remote storage site.
as a accumulation curator, iodine want to snarf an embargo for an objective in a simple way.
as a repoadmin, iodine want to cause symplectic ingredient bidirectionally communicate and incorporate with ddr, which ply a fedora connecter and emory follow expend a hidden fedora case that hydra collect object for.
as a ingathering curator, ace want to cause particular exist realize available under the permission they follow configured once the embargo date let follow reached.
as a accumulation curator, iodine need to produce sediment forms specific to the collection.
as a collection curator, 1 need to countenance some aggregation the option of fructify an embargo date at deposit.
as a collection curator, i need to ingest item metadata to comprise discoverable while the item follow under embargo.
as a accumulation curator, i want to cause the item to comprise grant under the admission permissions countersink on the aim after the embargo data comprise reached.
as a repoadmin, iodine need to let exploiter to comprise pose with a permission or a option of licenses, specific to the collection, and sediment to live abnegate if the submitter cause not have the license.
as a repoadmin, one want to let the license comprise immortalize in metadata and expose alongside the item.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i want to ingest a method to batch ingest etds we get from proquest.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i need to have the stack ingest dick to discern and fructify embargoes, permission for embargoed item should comprise let everyone to see metadata, and ingathering conservator and monument administrator to download the files.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i want to have the secretary to snarf embargoes on the dismission date and prepare the access curb to the conformation specify on item on that date.
as a visitor, i desire to learn the embargo status and release appointment clearly exhibit and perhaps highlight in some way.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i need to let a method to add and slay multiple people to lodge radical in specific collections, to specify a appointment that the sediment windowpane closes, and to let these permit confer on these depositors should beak up on the collection's default permission.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i need to redact the length of embargoes.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i need to break the descriptive platter for each etd particular for re-use external to fedora.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i need to allow embargo perquisite to other repository administrators.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i want to let a method to lend and transfer individual mass from alluviation groups.
as a collection curator, ace want to induce a putz to execute source bureau control.
as a collection curator, ace want to go particular from one collection to another.
as a repoadmin, ace desire to display repository message via oai-pmh.
scrutinise & reporting.
as a digitalrecords archivist, i need to reckon and download summary embargo metadata for all etds in the repository.
as a stack submitter, iodine want to provide my information and metadata in a simple, document formatting to the repository staff for ingest.
as repository manager, ace need to reckon authenticated, active users and anonymous users.
as a monument manager, ace need to schedule a content to users to constitute expose on each page on the monument between select meter for matter like telling of upcoming downtime.
as a deposit manager, unity need to see a exhibit of recent fault deduplicated for easy comprehension like symplectic ingredient provides.
as a deposit manager, iodin require to see a splashboard statistics about ingathering size admit a list of collections, the number of item and ingredient in each, total storage consumed by each collection, visualisation of sediment activity.
as a collection curator, ace want to learn a dashboard gadget establish a summary of recent submission to my collection.
as a repoadmin, iodine need to keep to furnish admission to the repository in the upshot that the server fails.
as a repoadmin, i need to provide the server sla to datum contributors.
as a repoadmin, ace need to update the monument power without disrupt access to the public interface.
as a repoadmin, i desire to provide a tie data interface to the repository.
as a repoadmin, iodine desire to have symplectic elements to communicate
bidirectionally with the repository.
as a developer, iodine need to upgrade to fedora 4 and migrate our lotion and data.
as a collection curator, ace want to cause metadata variety piss to particular with repository-assigned doi to exist broadcast to the ezid.
as a accumulation curator, ace need to canonically identify source and creator of my particular by unique identifier, so that it's easier to reckon all of the workings by that mortal together.
as a accumulation curator, i need to see the referers for visitors who practice resolver-abstracted tie-in to reach my items.
as a data contributor, i need to denote to the disaster recovery program in grant proposal and data management plans.
as a depositor, ace need to dumbfound feedback post-ingest alarm me if files i render come not conform to their formatting specifications, if they personify not valid, or if they are not wellformed.
as a deal submitter, i need to admission certification trace the leaflet ingest process.
as a depositor, i desire to see what form of things the deposit accepts and what format comprise swallow and recommended.
as a depositor, ace want to easily find data about which data can exist assign a doi, how to dumbfound one, and what metadata are required.
as a collection curator, iodine want to create groups of users to deal license in the secretary in an easy way.
as a collection curator, iodine want to limit admission to my accumulation or particular to duke ip addresses.
as a accumulation curator, i need exploiter to meet me directly from the monument to quest access to limit objects.
as a collection owner, iodine want to let submitters to my collection to exist unable to change subsist particular in that collection.
as a superuser, i want to enter and pass the superuser scope.
as a ingathering curator iodine need to convert permission on one or more particular simultaneously.
as a accumulation curator, i want to exist able require certification to admission objective unless the postulation comprise do from a whitelisted ip address, list of addresses.
as a monument manager, iodine need to reckon available variant of an objective and restitute a version from the stave interface.
as a collection curator, ace want to see the permit on my object all together.
as a non-duke researcher, iodine need to depict my squad and mine's target in the monument after they've follow fix if we've exist delegate permission to delete metadata.
as a module member, i want to proceed to my repository splasher to deal penis of my classes, grant submit permit by paste in a list of netids, see confirmation that ddr discern the netids, ability to manually transfer permissions, ability to specify begin and last date for a submission window, and a let a position filmdom to clearly illustrate who let and hasn't submitted.
