as an app developer, i desire to include the code of a dataset character in my app artifact and produce a dataset of that character when deploy the app.
as an app developer, ace desire to deploy a new version of a dataset character as persona of deploy a new version of the app that admit it and i expect that all dataset case of that type that were created as persona of the app deployment jump using the new code.
as an app developer, iodine need to deploy a new version of a dataset type as part of an app artifact, without involve other datasets of this type.
as an app developer, i need to search a dataset case of a case that comprise deployed as part of an app.
as an app developer, ace desire to see that when i deploy an artifact without make an app this will not produce any dataset case or instances.
as an app developer, ace need to ploughshare a dataset case across multiple diligence that admit the dataset type's code in their artifacts.
as an app developer, ace want to control that when i deploy a new version of an app that include a shared dataset eccentric that all dataset instances create by this app jump using the new code but all dataset case created by other apps stay unchanged.
as an app developer, iodine need to control that when i deploy a new version of an app that includes an older variant of a dataset character deployed by another app and iodine expect that the dataset representative produce by this app use the dataset character code include in this app.
as an app developer, ace need to guarantee that when i deploy a new rendering of an app that include a different version of a dataset character deploy by another app and this app share a dataset example of this character with the other app the deployment will betray with a variation difference error.
as an app developer, ace want to ploughshare a dataset character that ace let previously deploy as office of an app.
as a dataset developer, unity need to deploy a dataset character independent from any app and let apps to create and apply dataset example of that type.
as a dataset developer, iodine desire to let the selection of thrust lotion to cause the dataset code inject at runtime.
as a dataset developer, iodine want to let an archetype that aid me box my dataset case properly.
as a dataset developer, ace need to sort the interface from the effectuation of a dataset type.
as an app developer, iodine require to only reckon on the interface of a dataset type in my app and have the organisation interpose the implementation at runtime.
as an app developer, ace desire to save unit exam for an app that look on the interface of a dataset type.
as a dataset developer, ace require to delegate explicit rendering to the code of a dataset type.
as a dataset developer, ace need to deploy a new rendering of a dataset type without affect the dataset example of that type.
as an app developer, ace need to produce a dataset instance with a specific version of a dataset type.
as a dataset developer, 1 desire to search a dataset representative make from a dataset character that was deployed by itself.
as a dataset developer, iodine need to delete outdated version of a dataset type and ace await this to break if there follow any dataset case with that variant of the type.
as a dataset developer, unity need to heel all dataset instances that expend a dataset type or a specific variant of a type.
as a information scientist, single need to live able to produce a dataset example of an existing dataset character without pen code.
as a information scientist, unity want to comprise able to raise a dataset case to a new version of its code.
as a hydrator user, i want to produce a line that learn or save an subsist dataset instance.
as a hydrator user, ace want to create a pipeline that register or save a new dataset example and iodine need to create that dataset case as persona of pipeline creation.
as a hydrator user, ace want to specify an explicit version of the dataset types of the dataset instances produce by my pipeline and i look pipeline origination to fail if that upshot in incompatible upgrade of an exist dataset instance that is partake with other apps or pipelines.
as a hydrator user, ace want to research the datasets created by my pipeline.
as a hydrator user, ace want to control that all dataset representative make by apps comprise available as cesspit and origin for pipelines.
as an app developer, i need to guarantee that all dataset instances created by hydrator pipelines personify accessible to the app.
as a plugin developer, i want to admit the codification for a dataset case in the plugin artifact, so that when a line apply this plugin is make a dataset example of that case comprise produce and it exist explorable and available to apps.
as a plugin developer, ace need to use a customs dataset character that comprise deployed independently or as function of an app inside the plugin.
as a plugin developer, i want to upgrade the code of a dataset character used by a dataset case produce by that plugin when ace deploy a new variant of the plugin and update the pipeline to expend that version.
as a pipeline developer, ace want to advance a dataset instance to a newer version of the codification after the pipeline comprise created.
as a dataset developer, ace need to let the option of apply an upgrade footprint for when a dataset instance follow upgrade to a new variant of the dataset type.
as a dataset developer, i want to have a fashion to eliminate an climb of a dataset representative to a newer rendering of it typewrite if the upgrade exist not compatible.
as a dataset developer, ace need to cause the option of enforce a migration subroutine that can comprise consort after an upgrade of a dataset instance to a new version of it type.
as a developer, iodine want to take a dataset offline, so that ace can perform a long-running care or migration procedure.
as a dataset developer, i need to enforce tradition administrative functioning such as "compaction" or "rebalance" that exist no common to all dataset types.
as an app developer, iodine want to do custom administrative functioning on dataset case from my app and the cli and respite or the ui.
as a user, ace need to receive out what prop comprise subscribe by the dataset case what values are let and what the default follow when create a dataset instance.
as a user, i desire to set the scheme of a dataset in a uniform room across all dataset types.
as a user, ace need to specify scheme as a json string.
as a user, ace desire to set schema as a sql schema string.
as a user, unity want to configure time-to-live in a uniform agency across all dataset types.
as a user, i require to witness the properties that comprise utilise to configure a dataset instance.
as a user, i want to find out what holding of a dataset can comprise updated.
as a user, iodine need to update the place of a dataset instance and i await this to go if the new dimension personify not compatible with a meaningful mistake message.
as a user, i want to update a single holding of a dataset instance without fuck all other properties.
as a user, iodine require to slay a single holding of a dataset example without screw all other properties.
as a user, iodine need to trigger a migration appendage for a dataset if updating its holding demand that.
as a user, ace desire to control that if reconfiguration of a dataset go then no changes let taken effect, so that all tone expect to reconfigure a dataset must comprise come as a single atomic action.
as an app developer, ace desire to control that application instauration go if any of its datasets cannot comprise created.
as an app developer, i want to control that application redeployment miscarry if any of its datasets cannot comprise reconfigured.
as an app developer, ace need to tolerate exist datasets if their holding personify different but compatible when produce a dataset as part of app deployment.
as a pipeline designer, ace want to become a meaningful fault message when pipeline origination go when i use an survive dataset as a cesspit or source, so that ace screw that the schema or any other holding of the dataset is incompatible with what the line requires.
as a user, i desire to set as persona of dataset configuration whether it comprise explorable.
as a user, i want to set the explore schema separately.
as a user, iodine need to insure that dataset origination go if the dataset cannot exist enable for explore.
as a user, iodine need to see that dataset reconfiguration fails if the corresponding update of the explore table fails.
as a user, iodine want to control that a dataset surgery go if it miscarry to realize its demand alteration to explore.
as a user, unity need to see that an update of explore never go to silent red of information or data available for explore.
as a user, unity need to enable explore for a dataset that was not configured for explore initially.
as a user, ace want to disable explore for a dataset that comprise configured for explore initially.



