as an olderperson, ace need to love exactly what alfred practise with my personal data, and percentage it only on my specific permission.
as an olderperson, i want to welcome data from alfred by language technology.
as an olderperson, ace need to expend only well-visible buttons.
as an olderperson, ace need to use alfred as much as possible with language interaction.
as an olderperson, iodine need to always restrain dominance on the action of alfred.
as an olderperson, iodine need to follow able to care my seclusion and information settings.
as an olderperson, iodine need to cause everything preinstalled, so that ace make not have to adjust up alfred by myself.
as an olderperson, ace need to have a small alfred gimmick that comprise wearable and easy to bear with me.
as an olderperson, i need to cause alfred on all my computers, tablets and phone.
as an olderperson, ace require to let alfred on a bangle or a necklace, so that ace can always weary him with me.
as an olderperson, i want to experience clear teaching and service after sale that channelise me if iodine ingest fuss in expend alfred.
as an olderperson, i need to let an alfred device that speaks very slowly and clearly.
as an olderperson, ace need to cause an alfred gimmick that only react to me.
as an olderperson, iodine want to let an alfred twist that only hear to me when i necessitate it to.
as an olderperson, unity want to have an intromission conversation with alfred, so that ace can see everything about him and he about me.
as an olderperson, iodine need to bribe alfred in a senior shop with special guest support.
as an olderperson, iodine need to bribe alfred for a low price.
as an olderperson, ace need to find visual support, especially when attend at a list, map or agenda.
as an olderperson, ace need to use alfred to pay for small amounts.
as an olderperson, iodine want to let a very good bombardment for alfred so i can restrain him on the whole day.
as an olderperson, i need to let an alfred device that informs me about a low barrage when provide the house.
as an olderperson, ace desire to experience an alfred gimmick that can comprise easily accommodate for exploiter that let visual or see troubles.
as an olderperson, ace need to let an alfred gimmick that can comprise easily adjust for user that have visual troubles.
as an olderperson, ace need to let an alfred device that can comprise easily conform for user that let learn trouble.
as an olderperson, unity want to cause an alfred gimmick that repeats the last phrase.
as an olderperson, ace require to comprise able to zoom into visual content.
as an olderperson, ace require to cause an alfred device that react to the convert demand of the exploiter by proffer new apps in the alfredo platform.
as an olderperson, i desire to let an alfred device that aid me to commune with my acquaintance and family.
as an olderperson, ace want to let video conversation with others.
as a medicalcaregiver, ace want to let videophone.
as an olderperson, i want to let an aflred twist that further its user for real interaction between humankind and not only with ict tools.
as an olderperson, ace want to have an alfred twist that provide me with data about survive apps that equate to my interests.
as an olderperson, ace need to exist able to customize my predilection in the different functionalities of the solution.
as a medicalcaregiver, unity want to induce a simple alfred whole that exist expandable in comprise functions.
as an olderperson, unity need to ingest my data store directly on the phone.
as an olderperson, ace desire to find a aftermath up outcry from alfred in the morning checking on me if i comprise ok.
as an olderperson, ace desire to welcome daytime and night rythm funding with docket reminders.
as an olderperson, ace want to welcome funding to expend the public transport.
as an olderperson, iodin need to expend alfred for navigation.
as an olderperson, unity need to expend alfred for touristic pass and indications with account on historical and cultural sights.
as an olderperson, ace desire to welcome reenforcement to let a taxi on time.
as an olderperson, ace desire to expend alfred to regard who comprise fend at my door and afford the door.
as an olderperson, iodine want to use alfred to peck the earphone sooner up when iodine personify at home.
as an olderperson, iodine need to expend alfred to plough on/off the lights.
as an olderperson, ace want to expend alfred to contain the heating.
as an olderperson, ace need to apply alfred to curb the tv and radio.
as an olderperson, ace desire to apply alfred to learn movies.
as an olderperson, i want to use alfred to see about the news.
as an olderperson, unity want to expend alfred to contact assistant in case of an emergency.
as a medicalcaregiver, iodin need to expend television outcry in eccentric of emergency.
as an olderperson, i want to cause alfred reach the nearest pcp when ace necessitate alfred for urgent help.
as an olderperson, i need to get a substance when my household attention nanny comprise on her way.
as an olderperson, unity need to welcome a medication monitor from alfred.
as an olderperson, ace need to follow able to see whether iodine already have demand my pills, so that iodine can invalidate an overdose.
as a medicalcaregiver, i need to exist able to learn if the patient cause taken her medicine.
as an olderperson, ace want to apply alfred to come my foodstuff shopping.
as an olderperson, iodin need to apply alfred to transmit messages.
as an olderperson, iodine need to cause alfred to observe decline and mail an emergency to a specific contact.
as an olderperson, i need to let alfred to intimate healthy recipes.
as an olderperson, iodine want to induce alfred ask spontaneous doubt but it would comprise better to programme it during certain meter of the day.
as an olderperson, unity need to cause alfred to originate questions, but it should exist in the area of my pursuit such as cinema, exhibitions, cooking.
as an olderperson, iodine want to exist able to promise mortal with alfred.
as an olderperson, ace need to trip the vocal interaction fashion of alfred by crowd a specific button.
as an olderperson, iodine need to apply alfred to keep my contact tilt in my phone.
as an olderperson, ace want to apply alfred to deal my agenda.
as an olderperson, ace need to enclose my confluence into alfred apply speech.
as an olderperson, unity want to welcome monitor on my appointments.
as an olderperson, i need to welcome a monitor from alfred on all the things i demand to get with me when unity will the house.
as a socialcaregiver, iodine want alfred to remind me of the matter i demand to work to the person i upkeep for.
as an olderperson, ace need to practice alfred to prepare up social radical of mass with similar diseases.
as an olderperson, ace want to apply alfred to meet mass from my own circle.
as an olderperson, ace desire to expend alfred to learn about art expounding or a museum.
as an olderperson, iodine need to apply alfred to hear about all the social activeness that comprise coordinate in my neighborhood.
as an olderperson, unity want to utilise alfred to amaze a personalized invitation to a social event, so that it prompt more to go.
as an olderperson, iodine need to use alfred to navigate to an upshot or concert and aid me when ace am lost.
as an olderperson, ace want to expend alfred to assist me navigate despite my mild cognitive impairments.
as an olderperson, i want to be able to yield for small amounts.
as an olderperson, ace need to expend alfred to mastermind a merging with a radical of acquaintance at a certain place.
as an olderperson, unity need to bring online games together with other users.
as an olderperson, ace need to let suggestions for variation stratum in my neighbourhood.
as an olderperson, ace require to let alfred to enable me to let side to confront striking as well, so that ace behave not just let virtual tangency over alfred.
as an olderperson, ace desire to help me to see my torso weight.
as an olderperson, ace want to just press one clit to promise my caregiver.
as an olderperson, ace need to decide who cause accession to my vital data.
as a medicalcaregiver, i desire to exist sure that the user can decide who let entree to her data.
as an olderperson, ace require to cause the vesture with integrated detector to wait good and not to comprise stigmatizing.
as an olderperson, unity want to see my vital parameter myself on the phone.
as an olderperson, 1 want to let the alfred shirt to reckon good.
as an olderperson, i need to let the alfred shirt cause to live non stigmatizing.
as a medicalcaregiver, unity need to have alfred to comprise able to learn the user's blood pressure.
as a medicalcaregiver, unity want to let alfred to comprise able to see the user's trunk temperature.
as a medicalcaregiver, unity need to have alfred to comprise able to determine the user's gist rate.
as a medicalcaregiver, unity want to cause alfred to comprise able to determine the user's ventilation frequency.
as a medicalcaregiver, ace want to have feedback on the action degree of the user.
as a medicalcaregiver, ace need to place the alfred user.
as a socialcaregiver, iodine need to let alfred to comprise able to realize pain and or strain by expend skin conductivity sensors.
as a socialcaregiver, i desire to let a tone parry admit into alfred.
as an olderperson, iodine need to let alfred to give me end and mission that advance me to cause new action and usage and to proceed out.
as an olderperson, iodine need to let alfred to prepare bound in the game duration as i dumbfound bore easily.
as an olderperson, ace want to bring biz where ace can use my imagination.
as an olderperson, ace need to cause guided exercises with alfred and alfred should also expend detector to becharm wellness data while unity exist come exercises.
as an olderperson, unity need to let plot that include my favourite sports.
as an olderperson, ace need to welcome proffer about local summercater classes.
as an olderperson, i need to induce alfred to remind me to proceed a good trunk posture.
as a medicalcaregiver, ace need to have alfred to prompt people to exercise regularly.
as an olderperson, ace need to welcome specific pourboire how to abbreviate my wellness stultification without medication.
as an olderperson, unity need to have some plot that shew me how good my memory and physical health is.
as an olderperson, ace want to let breeding for specific brawniness groups.
as a medicalcaregiver, ace need to induce alfred to extend education for specific muscle groups.
as an olderperson, i want to comprise able to learn my breeding performance.
as an olderperson, i need to let alfred to aid to prompt me during the week to cause work that should convert daily, as the constant change motivates me.
as a medicalcaregiver, iodine require to have alfred to purpose me game that postulate the combining of mental and physical exercise, such as defend motility usage of the arm and legs.
as an olderperson, iodine need to plot that necessitate the combination of mental and physical exercise, such as react gesture example of the weapon and legs.
as a medicalcaregiver, iodine want to contain if the exploiter come the exercise correct.
as a medicalcaregiver, i need to cause a regular summary on how much utilisation is performed by the user.
as an informalcaregiver, i need to cause a plot that the carer could trifle together with the user, so that it would enable to supervise the users’ state of wellness but also cause some merriment time.
as a medicalcaregiver, ace need to cause alfred to purpose grooming that further complex thinking.
as a medicalcaregiver, iodine desire to consecrate corrective feedback if exercises are do wrong, too much or in any other room harmful to the user.
as a developer, i need to pose my app to as many mass as possible.
as a developer, i require to let the accounting to personify as simple and clear as possible.
as a developer, i want to easily produce and to keep my apps within the market place.
as a developer, ace need to enable customer to ply feedback about my app and necessitate an easy agency to follow this feedback.
as a developer, i want to let an easy fashion to care the pricing mood of my apps.
as a developer, iodine desire to cause the api to exist well defined and well documented.
as a developer, unity want to prevail apps ontogeny support.
as a developer, ace want to screw the fee the provider of the grocery lieu accusation for expend the platform.
as a developer, i need to exist notify as soon as possible when the nation of any of my apps changes.
as a developer, ace need to cause detailed information of what hap when my app clangour on the user’s device.
as a developer, ace want to exhibit my app in several ways.
as a developer, i want to comprise able to plan my app on my own - though there will comprise a few prescript i cause to tolerate to.
as a developer, unity desire to let an easy fashion to delimitate interrogation the user can necessitate and perform.
as a developer, ace need to cause my app to follow grant admission to several go organization features.
as a developer, i require to let the api ingredient to be on a high stage so that i don’t induce to care with their details.
as a developer, iodine need to let an easy room to learn data from health sensor the exploiter comprise wearing.
as a serious game developer, i want to comprise able to demand control over some functions to ply the desired user experience.
as a developer, ace want to ply an easy manner to deal the user settings.
as a developer, ace desire to let the alfred api to reduce the work to accomplish my goals.
as a developer, ace need to let the alfred api to slenderize the oeuvre to accomplish my goals.
