as a anonymoususer, i need to reckon a list of sponsors, so that ace can thank all the awesome sponsors.
as a anonymoususer, ace need to see a lean of user profiles, so that ace screw who follow see the conference.
as a trainingcoordinator, ace need to netmail all the trainer at once from the site for info and updates, so that it comprise easier to use.
as a attendee, i desire to cause a very clear map where the edifice and room are, so that unity can make it to class on time.
as a trainer, i need to edit my breeding node myself, so that the breeding coordinator don't let to and nexus to slides.
as a trainee, iodine want to fix to one adjustment per day per authenticate user, so that we don't let duplicate spaces.
as a trainingcoordinator, i need to let an admin view that helps traverse enrollment status for each attender so that, so that we can learn if attendend, refunded, no show.
as a attendee, ace need to comprise impart to a training waitlist, so that so they can be reckon for a class.
as a trainee, iodine want to must admit the cancellation terms with a checkbox, so that they can live accountable..
as a trainingcoordinator, ace want to bond in a cancellation deadline to whatever readjustment / cancellation workflow exists, so that so we don't loose money or spots.
as a trainee, ace need to bring to "my schedule" if there comprise a schedule feature on the site, so that they can schedule their upshot experience.
as a trainee, ace need to realize which preparation i let sign up for, so that they can schedule their upshot experience.
as a trainer, i need to ingest a vista that exist attached to their breeding node that establish all attendee entropy trainer can learn all stratum attendance at first because there comprise so little trainers and they are bank with privacy, so that the training coordinator doesn't experience to cause all the workplace to dumbfound login info for environs setup.
as a trainingcoordinator, ace require to let an admin vista where all trainee entropy is shew and can follow strain to show a single education session, so that iodine can learn wtf comprise happening.
as a anonymoususer, i need to let a dedicated page for each stratum to learn more about the extend the following data must comprise shown: logo, title, trainers, location, possibly a mapping view, datetime, science level, enrollment remaining, connexion to cross-file for class. the url itinerary should comprise seo friendly /training/training-title, so that i can prefer the right class, and the trainer can twirp and further their class.
as a anonymoususer, unity want to let the breeding option clearly brand for the following information: day and time of training, title, short summary, trainers, level, numeral of registrations, remain registrations, locating of training, connexion to full contingent of the training, registry now link, so that ace can shit for educate all with one pageboy and find their class on on one page.
as a anonymoususer, iodine need to induce a education landing page with an intro section and a list of all preparation offer and further birdcall for trainings, so that unity can betray for educate all with one page and we can let a outcry for training for selection.
as a anonymoususer, i need to cause a connexion on the menage page to a lean of training options, so that i can learn training.
as a anonymoususer, i desire to see out where the coding couch exist and what sentence it comprise open, so that ace can inscribe with my friends.
as a administrator, iodine need to refund sponsorship money that comprise work via stripe, so that mass dumbfound their monies back.
as a authenticateduser, i need to find a connexion on the sponsorships varlet to go a $350 grade sponsor, so that unity can bear for and go a supporter role.
as a anonymoususer, i require to see a tilt of attendant relate with this company, so that ace fuck who from this sponsor governance follow attending.
as a authenticateduser, single want to place myself as and give for a $350 fellowship sponsorship, so that i can easily become a sponsor at this stratum without let to interface with badcamp personnel to generate a sponsorship.
as a administrator, i need to produce and keep venues, so that iodine can allow fix details to help exploiter detect what they're see for.
as a anonymoususer, ace desire to regard venue details, so that ace can cause a sensation of the location and learn the upshot occur there.
as a anonymoususer, iodine need to learn a leaning of the sitting consort with sponsor attendees, so that i fuck where unity can hire with this presenter and where they follow intend leaders.
as a authenticateduser, unity need to realize a payment varlet to pay for my individual sponsorships as the third stair of the enrollment summons so that remuneration for my sponsorship.
as a administrator, iodine desire to assign sponsors to events, education and elevation so that they will comprise have on the sponsor contingent page.
as a anonymoususer, ace need to realize all events, breeding and superlative that a sponsor exist patronise so that iodine experience where iodine can hire with this presenter and where they exist think leaders.
as a authenticateduser, unity need to introduce payment information and have my carte shoot for an individual sponsorship, so that i can yield for an individual sponsorship.
as a sponsor, i want to link badcamp attender to my sponsorship page, so that iodine can shew off our stage of attendance.
as a authenticateduser, i want to update my user profile, so that ace can connect with other drupalists at badcamp.
as a anonymoususer, i need to subscribe up for the badcamp newsletter, so that ace can quell up to date with the latest communicating about badcamp.
as a administrator, i require to label my blog post for use by drupal planet, so that they will comprise listed on the drupal satellite blog.
as a administrator, iodine want to create blog posts, so that ace can percentage the latest data about badcamp with the public.
as a anonymoususer, i need to understand the blog, so that ace can quell inform about all the latest occurrence with badcamp.
as a sponsor, iodine want to patronize a elevation that mate my brand, so that ace can get exposure to potential client and otherwise tout my drupal credentials.
as a attendee, ace need to cross-file for a summit, so that i can hold my behind at the summit.
as a attendee, iodine want to dumbfound detailed instruction to the acme venue, so that i can dumbfound to the summit easily on the daylight of the event.
as a attendee, i desire to learn what breast i'm signed up for, so that i can confirm my attendence and prevent myself from accidentally double-booking with a breeding or another summit.
as a elevation coordinator, ace need to realize a inclination of attendees sign up for my summit, so that i can commune with my attender by email prior to the event.
as a elevation coordinator, i need to list basic entropy about my summit, so that i can inform potential meeter on why they should hang my summit.
as a elevation coordinator, ace want to heel supporter for my summit, so that unity can realize sure patron find honor and will comprise interested in frequent in future years.
as a crown coordinator, ace want to list an schedule for my summit, so that i can lure attender and generate positive feedback to giver to further participation.
as a anonymoususer, unity need to learn how many seats comprise depart for the summit, so that i can construct sure to cross-file in-time to book my spot.
as a anonymoususer, ace need to learn specific contingent on summits, so that iodine can see more about the elevation i'm interested in to attend if it correspond my interests, registry for the event, and dumbfound day-of knowledge to facilitate me dumbfound to the location.
as a anonymoususer, i need to attend a list of all the summits, so that iodin can see which crown ace might be interested and able to attend.
as a anonymoususer, ace want to learn about sponsorship levels, so that iodine can learn the right stage of sponsorship for my organization.
as a authenticateduser, iodine want to expend a wysiwyg editor for all long-form content, so that ace don't ingest to love html to update my content.
as a sponsor, ace want to relate to my sponsorship profile from my problem listings, so that enlistee can see more about my organization.
as a anonymoususer, i want to learn about mail problem as a patron and contact the sponsorship person, so that iodine cause the opportunty to post my job lean on the badcamp site.
as a sponsor, ace desire to mail a job, so that i can hire top-tier drupal talent.
as a authenticateduser, ace need to see the problem board, so that i can wait for an interesting drupal gig!.
as a administrator, iodine desire to delegate a way to a metre slot and a location, so that iodin can populate the agenda .
as a anonymoususer, i need to see the schedule, so that ace can project my day and figure out where to go!.
as a anonymoususer, ace need to learn the final inclination of seance approved, so that ace can learn what's pass on at badcamp .
as a administrator, ace want to bulk okay seance as accepted, so that iodine can salve time.
as a administrator, ace need to brand a seance as accepted, so that ace can live the docket .
as a anonymoususer, ace desire to find a notice when session let follow evaluated, so that i know whether i've follow accepted or rejected.
as a anonymoususer, ace need to welcome a notice when unity submit a session, so that fuck that my seance locomote through ok.
as a authenticateduser, iodine need to redact my session, so that if i construct a mistake, iodine can correct it.
as a anonymoususer, ace desire to cross-file to speak at badcamp, so that i state a session.
as a authenticateduser, ace want to render a sitting at badcamp, so that ace can come my seance evaluated.
as a sponsor, iodine need to personalise my sponsorship page, so that ace can push my brand.
as a anonymoususer, i need to see a lean of all the crown that include when they are, so that ace can learn which height ace want to attend.
as a authenticateduser, ace desire to comprise provide several option of idividual sponsorship on the second page of registration, so that iodine can exist awesome and financially subscribe the camp.
as a anonymoususer, i want to easily see a connexion in the menu that unite to the enrollment form, so that i can easily register for the camp.
as a anonymoususer, ace need to fulfil out a user readjustment form, so that i can register for the coterie and let an history on the website.
as a anonymoususer, ace want to regain session information, so that i can become to a session.
