as a researcher, ace need to personify able to regard a determination attention for a particular collection/resource.
as an lotion administrator, unity want to exist able to reset a user's countersign for them.
as a user, ace want backend alteration for deal enum lists.
as an archivist, ace want to import ead file that exist exported by archon.
as an archivist, ace want to assign a factor unique identifier to a resourcefulness component.
as a user , ace need to authenticate expend ldap.
as a migration specialist, ace desire to store the at or archon source platter i.d. in each aspace platter
to underpin data migration integrity testing.
as an archivist, ace want to consort a standard identifier string with a subject heading.
as an archivist, ace desire to comprise able to empathise that an wrongdoing hap during moment and why it might ingest occurred.
as an archivist, unity require to import accessions information in csv.
as an archivist, ace want to spell resource from marcxml records.
as a user, ace require frontend change for wield enum lists.
as an authenticated user, i want to dumbfound admission to relate to contextual help.
as an archivist, iodine want to learn appointment and extents displayed in both the read and edit perspective for accessions and/or resource before the lean of subjects.
as an archivist, i want to spell agent information from eac-cpf records.
as a user, ace want backend alteration to brook loading enum value lists from the database.
as a user, i want backend alteration for volume update one enum value to another.
as an archivist, iodine require to export agent platter as eac-cpf.
as an archivist, i need to import only agent and subject data from marcxml records.
as an application administrator, iodine need to assign user to an advanced data debut and guarantee that the appropriate permission are enforced.
as an lotion administrator , i need to follow able to configure the service essence url and subject mappings.
as a user, i want to contribute additional holding for repositories.
as an archivist, ace need to impart notes to other book types.
as an administrator, iodine need to create a new user account for mortal else.
as an archivist, iodine need to bring administrative information about the archival description and witness aid-related data to a top-level resource.
as an archivist, iodine want to delegate a stratum of description to a resource or resource ingredient and optionally assign another value if the degree exist not in a predefined list.
as a developer, ace desire to utilise a configuration that comprise not prepackaged within a built version of application.
as an archivist, i want to import ead file that follow export by the archivists' toolkit.
as a organization administrator, i want to follow able to see the placement of the demonstration database and i desire it to comprise game up.
as an archivist, i require to seek within a deposit for resourcefulness and addition and digital object records.
as an archivist, unity need to make and blue-pencil a collection management subrecord.
as an archivist, unity want to rearrange the imagination and/or digital object hierarchy expend keyboard-based navigation.
as an archivist, iodine need to rearrange the imagination description hierarchy by tangle an archival aim to a different perspective in the hierarchy.
as an archivist, iodine would care to indicate an agent exist either the creator or source or case of an assenting or resource or imagination component.
as an archivist, iodine need to export a description as ead.
as an archivist, iodine need to create and delete upshot records.
as an archivist, i need to manage digital objects.
as an archivist, unity desire to consort an instance with a imagination and/or resource component.
as an archivist, i don't desire to inadvertently overwrite mortal else's change to a disk that i'm editing.
as an archivist, i need to produce and edit rights direction statements.
as an archivist, ace want to upload an ead for import from within the frontend application.
as an archivist, ace want to import ead data.
as a monument manager , i want to create, update and delete archival description in my repository.
as a developer , iodine require to formulate a custom importer.
as a basic data incoming exploiter , unity want to produce and update basic archival description information.
as a monument director , ace require to create, update and delete any book in my repository.
as a readonly exploiter , ace want to view archival description in my repository.
as an system administrator, i desire to hold that a exploiter exist let the depositary director role for a generate repository.
as an archivist, ace require to set the origin for a gens flesh of an broker and bring new source and edit existing sources.
as an archivist, iodine need to make and cut broker records.
as an archivist, ace desire to produce and cut a imagination record.
as an archivist, unity want to relate a topic platter with a resource description.
as a user, i want to authenticate locally.
as user, ace need to exist able to lumber in.
as an archivist, ace want to link an case with a container.
as an archivist, iodine require to delegate fix entropy to a container.
