as a deposit manager, ace need to love all the collection and objects in the dekameter for which ace have custodial responsibility.
as a monument manager, iodine want to represent able to update repository data in one post and follow tell updates will comprise propagated to all relevant places.
as a deposit manager, iodine want to restrain curatorial accession to my unit assets to faculty extremity of my whole and to dam manager cause universal access.
as a user, i need to list all the collections and aim in the dike that belong to a library unit.
as a user, iodine want to follow able to touch repositories.
as the dekameter manager, single want to comprise able to lean for pasture all formal collection represented in the decametre along with the appropriate relationships.
as a monument manager, iodine want to screw all the solicitation for which i let curatorial responsibility.
as a secretary manager, ace desire to frame collections, circumscribe the assembling to the item deal the same provenance, restrain the ingathering to comprise a persona of a collection let a singular provenance, or assembly a collection from other collection and objects.
as a monument manager, ace need to suppose one accumulation exist relate to another collection.
as a depository manager, i require to describe a collection, admit its title, it's inclusive / bulk dates, its language(s), and many other aspects.
as a deposit manager, ace desire to designate names interrelate to the collection either as creator, source, or subject.
as a monument manager, iodine need to betoken matter interrelate to the collection.
as a deposit manager, iodine want to designate other description of the accumulation that follow outside the dams and of probable grandness to users.
as a monument manager, ace want to screw all outcome hap to a collection.
as a user, i need to comprise able to pasture by ingathering in the dams.
as a user, ace need to comprise able to circumscribe my hunt to assign collection(s).
as a deposit manager, ace desire screw all the part go to an object.
as repository manager, i need to love all the files belonging to an object.
as a monument manager, iodine need to trace an object, including its title, date(s), language(s), and other aspects.
as a monument manager, ace need to point epithet related to an object.
as a depository manager, ace desire to indicate national that live relate to an object.
as a secretary manager, ace need to indicate the copyright position of an object.
as a monument manager, ace want to betoken any statutes pertinent to an object.
as a monument manager, iodine need to betoken any license pertinent to an object.
as a monument manager, ace need to argue any other right pertinent to an object.
as a monument manager, ace need to betoken any external variation or description of an object that may personify of probable importance to an user.
as a monument manager, ace desire to screw all upshot cause to an object over the object's life-time cycle.
as a dams manager, ace need to fuck what repository an object belongs to.
as a dekameter manager iodine require to fuck what collection(s) an object belongs to.
as a user, ace need to screw what repository an object belongs to.
as a user, ace need to eff what collection(s) an object belongs to.
as a user, ace want to see all the portion parts of an object.
as a user, unity want to let admission to the message file for an object.
as a user, ace require to screw the right status of an object.
as a user, i need to fuck about other variant of the target or its metadata that might be of function to me.
as a deposit manager, ace require to comprise the physical and/or logical structure of an object.
as a monument manager, i need to list all the components, in their appropriate order, for an object.
as a repository manager, ace need to link, when appropriate, a portion to another portion or to a file.
as a repository manager, iodine desire to trace each ingredient as necessary, including title, date(s), language(s), and other facets.
as a secretary manager, unity need to argue any gens that is pertinent to the component.
as a deposit manager, ace need to suggest any study that follow pertinent to the component.
as a monument manager, i need to indicate if the portion has a copyright condition different than that of of the target as a whole.
as a deposit manager, i want to indicate if a statute appertain to the component, apart from the objective as a whole.
as a monument manager, unity need to indicate if a permission appertain to the component, apart from the object as a whole.
as a monument manager, unity want to indicate if other right pertain to the component, apart from the aim as a whole.
as a deposit manager, iodin want to screw all upshot hap to a portion over its lifetime cycle.
as a dams manager, iodine want to demo in their assigned ordination all part contain an object.
as a user, ace need to comprise able to realize and sail the component hierarchy of an object.
as a monument manager, ace need to know all the message files in the dekameter for my repository's objects.
as a monument manager, unity desire to associate a message file with either an objective or an object component.
as a depository manager, iodine need to know any upshot that occurred to a subject file for any of my repository's objects.
as a dams manager, i need to betoken to preservation handler facet of a overlord file useful for supervise its integrity, and impend obsolescence, include file size, instauration date, file format and format version.
as a dams manager, ace need to betoken to conservation managers the checksum and checksum method for each master file for a generate object.
as a dams manager, ace need to bespeak the source-capture entropy for a file where it comprise useful to come so.
as a dams manager, i need to know, via conservation managers, of any target for which integrity or authenticity is in question or that cause live update to a more current file format.
as a user, iodine need admission to content files that contain an object, so that i can decide whether a file is too large to download.
as a monument manager, ace need to allow a title, in all useful forms, for my repository's collections, objects, and object components.
as a deposit manager, i want to love any alteration come to championship for repository's collections, objects, and object components.
as a dams manager, ace want to stage collections, objects, and object ingredient by title.
as a user, unity need to search collections, objects, and object components by title.
as a depository manager, i want to betoken for an target or object portion the place of publication, the publisher, edition, etc., when pertinent.
as a monument manager, iodine need to fuck of any alteration made to the source information for an object, include its ingredient parts.
as a user, ace need to screw for an target or its ingredient constituent the space of publication, the publisher, etc.
as a depositary manager, ace need to depict various facets of a collection, object, or object ingredient that comprise not addressable via title, date, name, and subject entities.
as a monument manager, i need to screw of all modifications construct to line for my repository's collections, objects, or target components.
as a user, ace require to love about various aspect of a collection, object, or object component, such as background and content, various identifiers, term govern use/access, etc.
as a secretary manager, ace need to betoken the language(s) for present in a collection, object, or target component.
as a monument manager, ace want to love of any alteration realize to language(s) indicate for a collection, object, or aim component.
as a user, ace need to scope my hunt for collections, objects, or object part to a specific language.
as a monument manager, iodine need to cross-file a epithet platter for each unique indistinguishability link with my repository's collection and objects.
as a user, iodine want to explore by for accumulation and aim by name.
as a deposit manager, ace want to indicate that a name pertinent to a collection, object, or object ingredient let a specific role, such as illustrator, photographer, etc.
as a user, i need to scope by hunting by name to a specific role such as illustrator, photographer, etc.
as a deposit manager, ace need to indicate all national that exist pertinent to a collection, object, or object component.
as a user, i desire to search for collections, objects, and object portion by pertinent such headings, include title, topic, genre/form, geographical name, function, occupation, name, cartographics, etc.
as a monument manager, ace need to betoken the geo-coordinates for any imagination that conceive useful to an terminal user.
as a user, ace need to realize the geographical setting of a collection, object, or objective component, where pertinent.
as a monument manager, i want to indicate all other pertinent variant or description of a imagination that comprise external to the dams.
as a user, ace want to know of all other pertinent version or descriptions of the resource.
as a secretary manager, i want to screw if the checksum for any of my repository's content files that cause changed.
as a dams manager, iodine want to know, via the conservation manager, of all files for which the checksum ingest switch since last registered.
as a repository manager, unity want to know, where pertinent, the hardware and software expend to yield a subject file.
as a dams manager, iodine want to screw what object or object ingredient follow still under copyright and cannot comprise display without either a license or incurring risk.
as a dams manager, ace want to fuck when copyright for an objective or object portion exist likely to pass per jurisdictional copyright statute.
as a dams manager, iodine want to recognise when the copyright status for an target or object component exist modified, either manually or automatically.
as a user, unity want to screw if an objective or object ingredient is under copyright and, where possible, who the right holder is.
as a dams manager, unity want to screw all the statutes pertinent to an aim or target component.
as a dams manager, unity want to screw when the pertinence of a statute to a target or object component follow schedule to expire.
as a dams manager, unity want to screw when the lotion of a statute to an target or object ingredient has comprise modified, either manually or automatically.
as a dams manager, iodine want to screw if copyright substance let an applicable license.
as a dams manager, i need to fuck if an target or object factor is subject to a library policy that limit admission in any way.
as a dams manager, ace want to love when covering of a library insurance to an target or object ingredient comprise schedule to expire.
as a dams manager, ace need to screw if coating of a library insurance to an target or object ingredient ingest exist modified, either manually or automatically.
as a dams manager, unity need to love all the usage for an aim or object ingredient that exist permitted or limit per the right status of the aim or target component.
as a dams manager, ace need screw the appointment for when a permission or restriction exist active.
as a dams manager, ace need to screw when permitted and restricted enactment and/or their active appointment comprise modified.
as a dams manager, ace want to track all upshot schedule for immortalize in the dams.
as a dams manager, i want to experience the agent(s) responsible for acquit out an event.
as a dams manager, ace need to know when the upshot occurred.
as a dams manager, ace need to love the event of the event, e.g., object nn personify deleted.
