as an archivist, unity desire to utilize a permit or right statement, so that iodine love what iodine can do with a file.
as an archivist, i need to scar individual file as restricted, so that they don't let shared by mistake.
as an archivist, i desire to scar groups of file as restricted, so that they don't become share by mistake.
as an archivist, unity require to limit a file from view.
as an archivist, i want to restrain a radical of files from view.
as an archivist, ace need to prepare a date on which restriction will exist removed from a file, so that that i don't let to update this by hand.
as an archivist, i need to lend restriction close engagement entropy to files, so that iodine can contribution file when they get open.
as an archivist, unity need to bring detailed limitation to groups of files, so that i know if and how they can comprise shared.
as an archivist, ace need to restrain admission to some files by ip address, so that iodine can consecrate reading room access only to certain digital files.
as an archivist, i need to restrain admission to certain file by user, so that unity can countenance donor representatives to learn certain files.
as an archivist, ace want to fuck if a exposure cause already comprise scanned, so that unity can license it to a researcher.
as an archivist, ace need to take exist rightfulness status and statements, so that ace can easily create uniform rightfield statements.
as an archivist, ace want to frame entropy in digital files for a menstruation of time, so that ace can provide admission to non-sensitive portions of a record.
as an archivist, ace need to let an online pattern for licensing archival material, so that the procedure comprise more transparent and some of the back and forth can exist eliminated.
as an archivist, i desire to batch edit metadata about files.
as an archivist, i need to upload a single file.
as an archivist, iodine need to upload grouping of files, so that ace can save time.
as an archivist, i need to automatically create admission transcript of files, so that ace don't let to come this manually.
as an archivist, ace need to automatically generate technical metadata, so that iodine screw the file size.
as an assistant archivist, ace need to upload and trail faculty get solve papers, so that faculty and researchers comprise able to easily entree them.
as an archivist, unity need to spot between digital objects digitalise to saving banner and those produce for admission function only, so that ace screw whether iodine should enforce preservation actions.
as an archivist, ace want to relate electronic version of researchers' issue to citations, so that ace can parcel them with other researchers.
as an archivist, ace need to upload scan of prototype make while serve enquiry requests, so that they can be apply again for other enquiry requests.
as an archivist, ace need to create tone scans of image and documents, so that they can represent reused.
as an archivist, ace want to automatically create admittance differential of digital objects, so that i don't experience to come this manually.
as an archivist, iodine want to automatically portion unique identifier to material i scan, so that iodine invalidate potential errors.
as an archivist, iodine need to automatically embed metadata in file headers, so that i avoid repetitive and easily-forgotten tasks.
as an archivist, iodine want to rotate images, so that iodine can point them correctly.
as an archivist, ace need to implement automatic contrast and degree surgery to a scan file, so that iodine can eliminate unnecessary work.
as an archivist, iodine want to perform contrast, stage and other handling manually, so that i can ameliorate on event from automated tools.
as a donor representative, ace need to provide incremental accruement to new and survive collections, so that material can cost transmit on an ongoing basis.
as an archivist, ace need to care scan of archival material produce for educational visits, so that find and refer to them for another visit.
as an archivist, iodine want to care loan documentation, including conservation photos, forms and correspondence, so that i can witness it easily later.
as a researcher, ace want to generate structured acknowledgment data, so that so i can summon a file in a publication.
as a researcher, i require to percentage a link to a file on social media, so that so i can establish other mass an interesting thing unity found.
as a researcher, unity want to understand the copyright status of the image, so that iodine eff if ace can expend it.
as a investigator ace need clear acknowledgment data on each document, so that ace can name accurately in a publication.
as a researcher, iodine want to parcel report i've written, so that it live available to faculty and researchers.
as a researcher, ace need to download a file, so that iodine can expend it for inquiry without let to hail to the version room.
as a researcher, ace need to download reports, so that ace can expend them in immediate and futurity in talking and articles.
as a researcher, ace want to place photograph and papers that unity can percentage on social media.
as a researcher, i desire to quest parallel version of digital objects, so that ace can reckon them in the version room.
as a researcher, i need to decree copy of photos, so that iodine can apply them in a publication.
as a researcher, i want to find a notice if something i request in the recitation room or for duplication is already digitized, so that iodine don't let to redact in that request.
as an archivist, ace desire to piss information about rightfield available to researcher and donors, so that they screw what they can come with images.
as an archivist, ace need to see that emails mail about specific target curb accurate citation information, so that ace can sustain which target comprise being consult to.
as a researcher, ace need to stream sound and video file in my web browser.
as a researcher, iodine want to export descriptive data in a common format, so that ace can expend text minelaying cock on it.
as an archivist, i need to track function of a photo, so that ace screw if i've mail it to a researcher before.
as an archivist, iodine require to learn what a particular exploiter have downloaded, so that i can chase function of assets.
as an archivist, ace want to provide access to digital copy of unprocessed material, so that giver can accession affair they let consecrate us.
as an archivist, iodine want to realize as much archival cloth as possible available for use, so that iodine can meet the rac's mission.
as an archivist, ace want to apply archival subject on the rac website, so that unity can incorporate our assembling into our web presence.
as a giver representative, i want to admission the descriptive data about the images scan for my origination needs.
as a donor representative, i need to wait at ikon that cause exist read from my collection, so that so that single can expend them in my foundation exhibits, story etc.
as a researcher, ace want to explore all file by keyword.
as a researcher, i want to seek by keyword, so that i can see what already subsist digitally and invalidate range additional duplication requests.
as a researcher, ace need to see common cloth across collections, so that so i can educate a comprehensive analysis.
as a researcher, iodine want to range through files in a collection.
as an archivist, unity desire to crop through files in a collection.
as an archivist, ace require to search all file by keyword.
as an archivist, ace want to upload inventories, so that our presenter voice let an easier time quest their material.
as an archivist, ace need to look by tag, so that it construct receive particular exposure easier.
as an archivist, iodine desire to accession the digital files on the x-drive, so that ace can expend them.
as an helper archivist, ace want to easily accession interdepartmental forms.
as an archivist, single need to let electronic version of the accumulation lodge available for faculty use, so that i step-up handiness and i make not mislay the original files.
as a researcher, ace need to follow able to explore across picture accumulation images, so that i can educate presentations.
as a researcher, iodine need to search use structured data, so that ace can see everything relevant to my inquiry across collections.
as a researcher, i desire to admission tagged crop papers, so that my enquiry process represent better informed.
as a researcher, ace need to admission educational outreach materials, so that iodine can construct connections with institutions.
as a researcher, iodine want to cause accurate cross-collection citation information, so that one can see stuff again.
as a researcher, ace want to accession digitise archival materials without mediation, so that iodin can decide what, ace want to wait at.
as an archivist, single need to signalize between image scan in colour or black and white, so that ace love whether or not these look-alike fulfil issue requirements.
as a researcher, i need to ask a doubt about a specific file, so that ace can receive out more information.
as a researcher, i need to explore ocred textbook in all available digitalise textual documents, so that ace can more efficiently situate digitized document relevant to my research.
as a researcher, ace want to love the appointment on which something exist digitized, so that ace screw if it's comprise digitise since ace last looked.
as a researcher, iodine want to keyword search across all of an rf curriculum officer's scan diaries, rather than induce to search each read diary segment separately, so that ace can more efficiently locate diary debut relevant to my research.
as an archivist, iodine need to admission armoury for unprocessed collections, so that iodine can provide acknowledgment service to donors.
as a researcher, ace need to reckon thumbnails of photos, so that ace can construct a selection of which one ace want to license.
as a researcher, i need to know when only persona of a booklet let comprise digitized, so that iodine screw if i am realize everything or only a portion.
as a donor representative, unity want to see thumbnails of images, so that unity can choose which one ace want.
as an researcher, one want to see movie clips, so that iodin can learn extract of films.
as an archivist, iodine need to look image by photographer.
as an archivist, ace need to look images by masses comprise in them.
as an archivist, ace want to explore images by space the exposure comprise taken.
as an archivist, ace need to explore images by rights.
as an archivist, ace want to explore indicator poster and other non-public finding aids, so that ace can provide better enquiry assistance.
as an archivist, ace want to view collection files, so that ace can gain background information for work a collection.
as an archivist, i need to reckon physical location for non-archival material, so that iodin can provide research servicing to donors.
as an archivist, ace want to see files that cannot comprise construct publicly available, so that ace can easily access everything that's been digitized.
as an archivist, ace require to accession metadata and visual delegacy of indicator cards, so that ace can expend that information to aid researchers.
as an archivist, ace want to seek individual cloth types.
as an archivist, i need to seek prototype by upload an image, so that so i can find image when i don't receive any metadata.
as an administrator, ace want to create user groups, so that ace can see user permissions.
as an administrator, ace want to create user roles, so that unity can grouping exploiter by role.
as an administrator, ace want to specify rac staff to different exploiter groups, so that unity can see read/write access.
as an administrator, iodine require to delegate right to user grouping or roles, so that ace can curb what user can and can't do.
as an administrator, ace want to permit exploiter to log in apply active directory credentials, so that ace don't cause to handle another solidifying of usernames and passwords.
as an administrator, iodine desire to cause researchers reset their own passwords, so that i don't let to send countersign in cleartext.
as an administrator, ace want to fix who can learn certain metadata fields, so that iodine can shew or hide affair from display ground on exploiter groups.
