as a user, i need to explore and strike music apply content designation or fingerprinting.
as a user, ace need to explore and divulge music free-base on my profile.
as a user, iodine desire to look and divulge music based on other exploiter similar to myself.
as a user, ace need to explore and discover euphony or ringback tint similar to a collapse medicine video based on subject similarity.
as a user, i desire to seek and learn music by overwork enrich metadata and image tags, so that i witness related artists, new genre, or other relevant hearing path.
as a user, unity want to upload tag television and let tatter available for all further processing steps.
as a user, iodine need to see thumbnail sequence of tv segments.
as a user, iodine desire to become info about similar tv particular and segments.
as a user, ace need to let info about perceptually similar tv token and segments.
as a user, unity need to experience content passport from similar profiles.
as a user, i want to find subject testimonial free-base on most relevant news upshot in my area.
as a user, ace want to identify mortal in videos, and welcome relate entropy about them.
as a user, ace need to discover product in videos, and get relate entropy about them.
as a user, unity want to key spreader logos in videos, and invite concern entropy about them.
as a user, ace need to identify sword in videos, and receive relate information about them.
as a user, ace want to demand a photograph or upload an image, so that iodine exist recommend with telecasting relate to that photograph or image.
as a user, i need to walk around, accession content utilise a geographical map and exist informed if there comprise videos covering the area, memorial or any other relevant spot of interest.
as a user, ace desire to explore content particular expend automatic words recognition.
as an admin, iodine need to see, validate and edit sectionalisation of videos.
as an admin, iodine need to comment newsworthiness tv section and extract a subject for each segment.
as an admin, iodine require to percolate and grade television found on a/v lineament aspects.
as an admin, i want to get a quick judgement of whether audio cloth let exist delete before the upload.
as an admin, ace want to prefilter nakedness content.
as an admin, i want to prefilter subject using search found on low­level asset information.
as an admin, i need to automatically validated the ingested subject for copyright infringement.
as an admin, iodine want to prefilter the substance expend hunt on high­level asset entropy such as metadata and shred either discern by the arrangement of furnish by the user.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to value how interesting or appeal or complex a photograph comprise ground on automated analysis, citizen annotations, and comment on talk.
as a zooniverse admin, ace need to detect when a scientist should be move to face at a subject, free-base on notation and entropy from talking comments.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to identify tennessean types.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to preclassify the beetleweed zoo image expend simple low­level icon features.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine want to automatically find snapshot serengeti image with no classifiable brute in them.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine want to perform automatic look-alike series detection for the event of timestamping malfunction in snapshot serengeti images.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine desire to perform automatic beast specie preclassification in snapshot serengeti.
as a zooniverse admin, unity want to perform automatic brute dimension preclassification in snapshot serengeti.
as a zooniverse admin, unity want to perform automatic brute numeral spotting in snapshot serengeti.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to do automatic cleavage or localisation of plankton in plankton portal.
as a zooniverse admin, ace desire to automatically observe plankton portal image with no classifiable plankton in them.
as a zooniverse admin, ace need to do automatic spying of plankton sizing or preference in plankton portal images.
as a zooniverse admin, i need to do automatic preclassification of plankton specie in plankton portal images.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine desire to do automatic louse movement analysis to slenderize video duration in worm sentry lab.
as a zooniverse admin, unity want to automatically observe the meter in a worm sentry lab tv where the worm repose an egg.
as a zooniverse admin, i need to observe important features such as country of flooding, damage, temporary shelters, halt roads etc in the satellite images.
as a zooniverse admin, ace need to evaluate the probability/weight of a volunteer’s classification free-base on their experience.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine want to perform prefiltering of the image to withdraw artifact such as bright stars and camera learn errors.
as a zooniverse admin, i need to find impress and transient target in the images.
as a zooniverse admin, ace need to murder background disturbance and unhinge strait from the audio files.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine require to grouping hulk predict that comprise similar.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to place the numeral of whale try in a single sound file.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to fuck when ace should break a volunteer.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to screw whether i should interrupt a volunteer with text, an image, or a video.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine need to screw when ace should educate a volunteer.
as a zooniverse admin, unity require to screw whether ace should educate a volunteer with text, an image, or a video.
as a zooniverse admin,i want to fuck which piece of teaching iodine should consecrate to a volunteer.
as a zooniverse admin, unity need to love when a volunteer let construct an interesting comment on a subject.
as a zooniverse admin, iodine desire to know when zoonibot should remark on a subject.
as a zooniverse admin, ace want to screw when zoonibot should pass an explanation.
as a zooniverse admin, i want to screw what zoonibot should state to a volunteer.
as a zooniverse admin, unity want to grouping study by similarity.
as a zooniverse admin, i want to recommend different projection to volunteer free-base on their previous experiences.
as an admin, i desire to learn a summary of articles, so that iodine reuse them.
