1	 Where's Susan?	NULL
2	 I'm here. I am desperately trying to get the board to show up.	NULL
3	 She's too busy to push the button to answer the phone. Patrick had to do it. He was closest to the phone.	NULL
4	 I'm sorry. Deal with it. I haven't even written down what day of the week it is yet.	NULL
5	 It's Friday.	NULL
6	 It's Friday.	NULL
7	 I have to write this crap down because I have to have all my notes. Grady is done with all of his stuff.	NULL
8	 I've got a first  . Tested it the best I can.	NULL
9	 Have you deployed it?	NULL
10	 No, that's what 1.1 is doing.	NULL
11	 He's got to test it!	NULL
12	 OK, well I haven't deployed 1.1 yet.	NULL
13	 You did. Last week. We tested some of it.	NULL
14	 Yeah but this is not that 1.1. I'll do 1.1 in a bit. A 1.1 build later today. I'll deploy it for you.	NULL
15	 What else will we  ?	NULL
16	 Do we need to...?	NULL
17	 Nothing from me.	NULL
18	 Nothing from me. 	NULL
19	  merge back.	NULL
20	 Should already be indexed. I'll build that from  second merge is done.	NULL
21	 So you don't have any updates on these because you spent the whole day doing other practice for the area. Are going to get finished before next Friday?	NULL
22	 Dang right I will.	NULL
23	  Is it going to be right?	NULL
24	 Of course.	NULL
25	 It'll compile well. That's really all we need. It compiles. Adam. So you know how this one's...So you need to...	NULL
26	 Yeah.	NULL
27	 You'll add a task on that one. Who thinks he can get this done? For one thing, because, like I told him, I don't care if the tester gets updated because it needs to be tested with CTDI next week anyway.	NULL
28	 So if you can just get it done and then test with them and fix anything, then update the tester after the fact so that somebody can actually test against it, we could get away with that this time if we can get it in.	NULL
29	 I mean, I would rather it be in 1.1 just so we'll be done done with everything related to that interface and not have it hanging over us.	NULL
30	 Yeah, that'll knock some time off. Not having to update the tester.	NULL
31	 Yeah, as long as the tester gets updated like the week after or two weeks after so that it's available for when we need to do tests on the interface, because he's also off that week that you're off. That's why I'm like, stuff's got to be done. It's got to be right because you all are off, which is allowed. Just got to be done.	NULL
32	 With your permission, right?	NULL
33	 As long as your stuff is done and it's right.	NULL
34	 Of course.	NULL
35	 Mamma has spoken.	NULL
36	 Yeah. Well, that's life.	NULL
37	 I could finish that story up if I could just...	NULL
38	 If you could ever get two hours.	NULL
39	 If I could get an hour and a half, two hours together. I could finish that one. I'll finish today.	NULL
40	 OK. That'll be good. If he's going to finish this one today, it would actually be good to wait until Monday to get our next release because then we'll have the reports that we can test and this serialized change on the UI.	NULL
41	 Now you've put the pressure on me. Now I can't do it.	NULL
42	 build until next week.	NULL
43	 I'm just kidding. It's OK.	NULL
44	 We're going to be building 1.1 next week because we're going to have to because it has to be done next week so some of this stuff has to be being tested. If he can get this finished today and you all get everything merged back then you can make the build today but I would say let's wait on this because otherwise, the only thing we have is that report to test.	NULL
45	 The other report was available the last time you built for me. I just haven't tested it yet.	NULL
46	  .	NULL
47	 That's all you've got. Yeah. Grady and Drake and Patrick.	NULL
48	 Still chipping away at it. Get the details on a separate page. On a search page, you jump already to the second page, about to add all the old value, new value stuff. Chipping away at it. Didn't get all that done yesterday. Other questions and stuff.	NULL
49	 When do you realistically think it might be something that you can release to us for testing? Like, next Wednesday ish or going to be later? If it's later, then it's later.	NULL
50	 Yeah, hopefully.	NULL
51	 Hopefully by Wednesday. I mean, it shouldn't take us that long to test. I put something like four hours down, because we've got to  the data and then we've to go in and play around with all the...	NULL
52	 I can knock out a good chunk of it today. There will be a good first look there. I'd hope you'd have something functional Wednesday, even if it's still rough.	NULL
53	 That sounds good. You all want to look at mine just so you all can laugh how I haven't done anything?	NULL
54	 There it is. All of this has my name on it. Let's see what Kevin  . Yeah, he's supposed to test that and...	NULL
55	 The only thing I got is the CTDI stuff.	NULL
56	 Yeah, which you can't do anything on right now.	NULL
57	 Which I can't do, yeah. And remove the header. That's the new...has nothing needed, right?	NULL
58	 Yeah, it's not ready yet either. That's the one Adam said if he could get two hours, he could get it done today.	NULL
59	 I've got the other two done.	NULL
60	 Do we have anything that we need to talk to them about today? No? That's good. Today is what? 3/18. Friday.	NULL
61	 What's the deal on the projects for the shipments coming in?  shipments.	NULL
62	 It was because the projects table had duplicates. It had multiple blanket projects in it. It was a conversion issue.	NULL
63	 So it's just getting the top one out of multiple matching...	NULL
64	 Yeah.	NULL
65	 I saw the email.	NULL
66	 It should not be a problem and all of them are prior to 3.16 that have that and we fixed it one day this week. I'm assuming late on the 15th or on the 16th because they've gone places. I'm going to hang up and call into the call now, Kevin.	NULL
67	 See you guys.	NULL
68	 All right. Bye.	NULL
69	 Please enter the conference pin number.	NULL
70	 Is Grady going to do that?	NULL
71	 Yeah.	NULL
72	 Hey, it's Cathy Jenkins.	NULL
73	 Hey Cathy. Is anybody else on the call? Hi, who joined?	NULL
74	 Hello, it's Kim.	NULL
75	 Hey Kim. Hi, who joined? Hey Jim. Hi, who joined?	NULL
76	 Kevin.	NULL
77	 Hi DJ. Hey Kevin. I have Cathy Jenkins, Kim, Jim, DJ, Kevin. We don't have anything for you guys this morning. Do you all have anything for us?	NULL
78	 I do not.	NULL
79	 I do not.	NULL
80	 I do not.	NULL
81	 This is Kim. I do.	NULL
82	 OK.	NULL
84	 Just send it to us.	NULL
85	 Yeah.	NULL
86	 For instance, yesterday, we found that on some assets, there's no status. The status field is blank.	NULL
87	 That's not good.	NULL
88	 I think there were not just one or two. There were 70 some. Anyway. Do you just want us to put that together and email? Our concern is, we don't want to start putting stuff in there and get it confused with maybe an issue that already exists. You understand what I mean?	NULL
90	 That's kind of what we've used. We started using it because, for the Verizon assets, they wanted to keep up with the sequence number but then Brian was also using it to keep up with other data that he entered.	NULL
91	 If you look at the legacy ID field, he's had a pattern that he's used. He's actually out of the office today otherwise he could elaborate on that. It doesn't matter to us. We don't use that legacy ID field for anything.	NULL
92	 It will have the sequence number in it for the Verizon data so that it can be tied back to the Infinium or whatever that sequence number was related to. As far as the code, the code doesn't look at that legacy ID for anything.	NULL
95	 That's what we thought when we saw it. We don't know all the ins and outs of BellCam. Thank you.	NULL
96	 Was that it?	NULL
97	 That's it for me.	NULL
98	 Thanks everybody. We'll talk to you guys later.	NULL
99	 Thank you.	NULL
100	 Bye bye.	NULL
101	 That was good. Except for that.	NULL
102	 It was good. We have a  meeting. Just want to have it now.	NULL
103	 How can we have everything in LCAM  makes it not  figure it out?	NULL
104	 Please enter your conference...	NULL
105	 Are you calling anyone?	NULL
106	 Suze. She's probably in.	NULL
107	 Hi. Who do we have on the call?	NULL
108	 Jim's on.	NULL
109	 Hey, Jim.	NULL
110	 Alden's here.	NULL
111	 Alden North, I guess.	NULL
112	 Ken?	NULL
113	 Hey.	NULL
114	 What's up, "Batman?"	NULL
115	 Not much. How are you?	NULL
116	 Hi, who just joined?	NULL
117	 It's Kevin.	NULL
118	 Hey, Kevin.	NULL
119	 That's  this scanner.	NULL
120	 Crickets, man, crickets.	NULL
121	 Then, but tomorrow  .	NULL
122	 Get the whole team, except for Susan!	NULL
123	 Is it functional yet?	NULL
124	 Yeah.  on a call.	NULL
125	 That was quick. Usually people take longer to dial in.	NULL
126	 We just had to ask her. She was calling in to  .	NULL
127	 Oh, we both dialed in fairly early.	NULL
128	 I don't even know if anybody else is going to join.	NULL
129	  .	NULL
130	 It is. Just looking at it's like...	NULL
131	 Larry, are you on?	NULL
132	 Larry  .	NULL
133	 How do we put the phone in  recall?	NULL
134	 I don't want that.	NULL
135	 Called up. They could hear me. I couldn't hear anybody. So, they might be talking to us.	NULL
136	 Hi, who joined?	NULL
137	 Hi, it's DJ.	NULL
138	 Hey, it's Larry. Larry.	NULL
139	 Hey DJ, hey Larry.	NULL
140	 What's with Larry Larry?	NULL
141	 I'm actually not at the office right now. Guys, do we have anything that we need to update them on?	NULL
142	 I guess they can get a quick update on email that they just sent regarding the received equipment from  . I've updated the ones that still have WMS as the bin. Those either came in while I was  on the 17th, or immediately after, so I've corrected those last few.	NULL
143	 Everything that's come in since has come in with the correct bin, so that issue has been addressed.	NULL
144	 There's two other items on there that I'm still looking into, and we'll get back to you guys as soon as we can. Regarding the  that seems to be occurring, and the part number. The batches and the part number.	NULL
145	 Hey, Jim, were you able to get any response from Ron at  ?	NULL
146	 Actually, I dropped the ball there. I was on another project, so I didn't get him. It's on my to-do list. I've worked with Brenda, just didn't give her  because she sent me something else, an email. She pulled a report from another screen, gave the details on  .	NULL
147	 Yeah, we just don't know if they're even trying to send anything for new equipment across the interface.	NULL
148	 Right. Get that solved. It was on the...I think he knew he was supposed to, right?	NULL
149	 I think he knew he's supposed to.  Yeah.	NULL
150	 Yeah. He is aware, and I've been checking with him since Wednesday. I just haven't got a response back from him, especially on the new equipment. So, I'm just hoping to get some kind of feedback from him.	NULL
151	 I'll be calling him.	NULL
152	 So, that's the only update we have for you guys. Do you all have anything you want to talk about?	NULL
153	 You mean...	NULL
154	 Yeah.	NULL
155	 No, I don't think so.	NULL
156	  .	NULL
157	 He's trying to slack off, guys.	NULL
158	 Can you think of anything else?	NULL
159	 I'm sorry, go ahead.	NULL
160	 No, I was going to ask you first. Larry and I had a few things, but I felt like you were...	NULL
161	 SQL could be  . Commands can go back and forth a lot.	NULL
162	 Larry and I tried to  up to your  . There have been critical ones in your world, so we  yesterday. Look at our active logs.	NULL
163	 ...specific on the ones that are critical. We ought to start with those. Larry and I can start, and you can time  .	NULL
164	 Yeah, that's fine.	NULL
165	 Like  , I don't have email in front of me, but basically you've got a high level...Susan's team, I guess when they go in there to do the approval. Pretty much the status is already set, so they're restricted, and can't redo something.	F
165	 Like  , I don't have email in front of me, but basically you've got a high level...Susan's team, I guess when they go in there to do the approval. Pretty much the status is already set, so they're restricted, and can't redo something.	A
166	 An example would be of, it's like a forward stocking, LCAM says it's out there, but then when we talk tech with  , the packet is not there, or some some situation that can't use that. They can't go back and change it to pick it up in stock.	A
167	 Interesting.	NULL
170	  .	NULL
171	 They can do that. I responded to Jimmy's email, I think just a few minutes ago. The problem there is that she's looking at  to see what's available. The specific item that she gave an example on is not available in LCAM because it's already sourced for other shipments.	NULL
172	 I think she's doing the right process, but she's not looking in LCAM to see why it's telling her that, that equipment isn't available when she looks on the shelf. At least I think that's what that screenshot was of.	NULL
173	 I sent some screenshots and explained what I did. That might help.	NULL
174	 Go ahead.	NULL
175	 Did you put everyone through  ?	NULL
176	 I just sent it a few minutes ago. Let me see. I see...	NULL
177	 Actually, this is the one. This one I sent this morning.	NULL
178	 Mostly that was to Jimmy. I don't know if I  other one  . This one was from Linda. They were kind of describing the same thing. It has IM group on there. I don't know if you're part of that or not, Larry.	NULL
179	 Don't worry. I'll forward it to Larry. I've got it.  , Thank you.  related  .	NULL
180	 The other one is, it's related to the same situation, and maybe not. Let's say that  our  members ordered more  , and three of them are in stock, and one is not in stock.	NULL
181	 Normally, what we've done in the past is, we would be able to split that order so you would be able to push through and process  available. Create  a different order for the one that was not in stock. You would put in for that order's status.	F
182	 Whether they can or they can't do that, or if it's not possible, they have to be able to figure out how to do that.  is something that can be addressed, or...?	NULL
184	 You click that, and you can say split it off, and you can...	NULL
185	 Quantity...	NULL
186	 ...orders are right...	NULL
187	 ...with that one. Two, or one, or I don't really know...	NULL
188	 ...line item. For that  . And then you treat it however you want to, whether you want to source it from your location, or...	NULL
190	 That one, I would...	NULL
191	  let them understand it and do the work...	NULL
192	 Wait a minute. They can split the order, but their question is the approval process. They said that we can't approve them separately.	NULL
194	 I understand what you're saying. So if you had, again, four items, you wanted, again, to split off to send to the vendor, are the other three automatically approved and sent forward?	NULL
195	 Once you approve the order. You have to, after you handle each of your detail line items, however you're going to handle, then you approve the whole order, and that's what  .	NULL
196	 , I don't have any experts on. Are they having to...If they approve  item to go  stock, or  , they approve it all, would there be a reason they couldn't approve ? We had that problem with   departmental request...	NULL
197	  that's really not an LCAM issue.	NULL
198	 So even though they have it, they can't  because they have to wait for the part number available in the item  so they can approve.	NULL
199	 I think somebody had made a request. I don't know exactly what it was, but it was something like BMA will just put a status on the order other than approve, and I think  or waiting on  was what they were talking about.	NULL
200	 We'll take it back to them  look at the next one  more.	NULL
201	 He already covered the split, over here, and stuff we just talked about  if they can't change that source, I don't know what we're doing wrong.	NULL
202	 That one, I think, was a misunderstanding. Because she's trying to change it to  , because in  it says the equipment's available but in LCAM, it's already sourced that equipment for another shipment, so it's not available in LCAM. I really think that issue is just confusion over the fact that, that piece of equipment had already been sourced for other orders.	NULL
203	 They've got something that...	NULL
204	 ...it's wired. It will say quantity allocated  not showing allocated yet.	NULL
205	 That's what I think, because we've been only picking up like every 20 minutes or so.	NULL
206	 All right, I'll take that back to them.	NULL
207	 And if that's not the case, then let me know. If we need to have a little WebX or something, and go through some of this...	NULL
208	 That may be an excellent idea.	NULL
209	 If they come up with their scenarios, and we can do the WebX...	NULL
210	 This situation, we can do this.	NULL
211	 I think  to do that  decisions for that. I think there may be more to it, but I think some it is absolutely just confusion.	NULL
212	 That's to be expected with a new system. It's different.	NULL
213	 In the first week. The first three times you do it.	NULL
214	 , that would be best. It doesn't matter when   .	NULL
215	 I don't  that.	NULL
216	 Yeah. I can do that. It will probably be Wednesday before I can schedule it. I'm pretty booked up. I'll send some...	NULL
217	  .	NULL
218	 Who all do you want? Or should I just send it to you two, and you all can send it to whoever?	NULL
219	 You can just send it to  it doesn't matter, as long as it's  .	NULL
220	 OK. All good.	NULL
221	 Larry, Karen's concern with the ship via CLLIs, and then the CLLI code that  , we need them. We're working on reviewing that in-house first, OK?	NULL
222	 Yeah. I got it.  .	NULL
223	 Yeah, I've done that. We're working on where that might be confusing. And the other item, I don't know if we've had it out there before, but the  group, and, well, both groups, I don't know if it's on anything, but CLLI code with the wild card...That's a big request.	F
224	 I don't remember that one.	NULL
225	  .	NULL
226	 Perfect.	NULL
227	 Clean it up, there.	NULL
228	 Guess it's not  I want to say. I think it is. There's so much on there, as 	NULL
229	 Right, and that's generally across any  search criteria. That'd be great.	NULL
230	 Ken, Is that mainly when you're trying to search for spares in a cluster location?	NULL
231	 I didn't get to read anything, but that would be one of the few reasons.	A
234	 Happy.	NULL
235	 Said it was  .	NULL
236	 Gather up...	NULL
238	 On the order approval screen they'd be trying to change to SE for a line item.	NULL
239	 Yes.	NULL
240	 Drake? Can you see how substitution works in LCAM?	NULL
241	 Yeah. As long as it's a valid substitute, you should be able to edit that line item and change the SE, or you can split it, put in a substitute for that particular asset. It has to be in our table for substitutes.	A
242	 Why would you split it if it's  ?	NULL
243	 We wouldn't unless it...	NULL
244	 You wouldn't unless you...	NULL
245	 Whenever they can't put that in, they need to let me know what it is, and we can check the sub table to see what's wrong. If it's valid we can update the sub table.	F
246	 Going to be a big one, but...	NULL
247	 Suckers.	NULL
248	 Larry, I guess that covers what we were talking about.	NULL
249	 Yeah. Yes, sir.	NULL
250	 Then for the IBT group that we were trying to target, most critical thing, what's coming up and biggest holdback is SCC scan error correction screen. First request,  , go to the active logs  . We're finding everything. Narrow those certain criteria. With project-related, OK.	NULL
251	 Otherwise they're struggling, fishing through the errors, and I think they're overwhelmed. First of all, we have a lot of errors. They usually have that cleaned up  .	NULL
252	 We were talking about different things. There's not an Infinium company, probably that'd come into play. The CLLI code, not only a wild card. There's some code, I'm no expert, I put a underscore four times, a  , 08, then a percent. It'll know that the specific, fixed character was for 08. You know what I'm saying?	NULL
253	 Yes.	NULL
254	 I can do that.	NULL
255	 Have a general  target for their assigned areas  Indiana, Ohio, and  instead of fishing through  .	NULL
256	 ...on the list.	NULL
257	 If you have other ideas, just to generalize it, that'd be good. The target project, that's OK. That's there, but otherwise they struggle.	NULL
258	 You don't look at it. See what it is? It should be just be  .	NULL
259	 ...I'm thinking Susan's already got that on the list.	NULL
260	 ...that can be brought up before releases, and even without releases. Is there a reprocess feature overnight to take something  ?	NULL
261	 Grady, are you on the room?	NULL
262	 Yeah, I'm here. Reprocessing from the SCC page?	NULL
263	 No. He's talking about...Aren't you talking about whenever we release or whenever we want to, to try to reprocess everything that's in the SCC screen for you?	NULL
264	 Yeah. I finished a script recently, was finishing up early this morning, to take all those and get them back to where they'll go through workflow again, reprocess so I can execute that procedure.	NULL
265	 Would you like us to run that overnight, Jim?	NULL
266	 Yeah, that would be helpful.	NULL
267	 I can.	NULL
268	 Grady wasn't able to finish for Friday night's release. They were trying to  . He'll run that after about six pm central time today. That should get anything that would have changed in the release and that's still sitting in the FCC screen. That should at least get rid of any of that.	NULL
269	 ...a canned query. I can't remember what the title was called, of the report. I'd have to  double check it. She was getting some random results and others were getting good results  query, sensitive to multi, people trying to use it at the same time. The point is that current results were impaired.	NULL
270	 They got the same thing two or three times and got different results.	NULL
271	 Do you know which report she was running?	NULL
272	 I figured you'd ask that, so I'll get back with you on that.	NULL
273	 Thanks.	NULL
274	 It was on an email but I can't...	NULL
275	 I don't want to  , anyway.	NULL
276	 It'll take me a minute. If you could give me the date so I can open it up, that's fine.  .	NULL
277	 Those are the kind of issues that scare the crap out of me. I know they're trying to use it.	NULL
278	 ...promotion screen, at the same time...	NULL
279	 0.999.  91...	NULL
280	 ...really not minor. I don't even know. I'm assuming that it's still open.	NULL
281	 It is still open. You shouldn't...	NULL
282	 Don't want it to get lost.	NULL
283	 It is  .	NULL
284	 Why are they...?	NULL
285	 One last thing.	NULL
286	 They'll at least use a CPR code and...	NULL
287	 We're getting a lot of calls from the techs, and I've been trying to email. It was 3/11. I am sorry, folks.	NULL
288	 Sorry about that,  in my pocket.	NULL
289	 I'm scanning transactions, email of March 11. It's not  . Reply  , so there's  question from Nicole and Peggy. They're working on .  getting critical. You need me to forward that email again? You know what I'm talking about?	NULL
290	 Yes. I haven't replied to it, and it's old, and I probably moved it. I know last week you and Ken were going to get together about what the roles would need to be for the month's scanning  . That determines what screens they can see. Still send me that email and I'll look at it and see if I can  it.	NULL
291	  . Thank you. That'll do it for now.	NULL
292	 Get a high level  . Going to pick up a new Verizon 3  Larry, we've got to get that request for approval smoothed out, and get this scanning process correct the errors  down a little bit.	NULL
293	 Hopefully the WebX I'll set up for Wednesday will help.	NULL
294	 Larry, do you have anything else?	NULL
295	 No, sir. I'm good.	NULL
296	 That's it for me, too.	NULL
297	 Thanks, everybody. Hope you...	NULL
298	 Well, Susan's on her way to the large. Do we need to catch her?	NULL
299	 Yeah, because I mean it's 3:30.	NULL
300	 Susan is right.	NULL
301	 Who is this, Joy?	NULL
302	 It's Kaitlin.	NULL
303	 Hey, Kaitlin.	NULL
304	 Hi Greg. It's all the rest of your friends.	NULL
305	 Not all of them.	NULL
306	 	NULL
307	 OK, Jim, Kaitlin, Kim, I think, and DJ.	NULL
308	 OK, this important thing about the meeting is sent an email saying what was going to be in the release tonight, so you'll be getting the release tonight. What else do we need to talk about?	NULL
309	 I just have one thing. This is Adam. I did get the list of fans from Brian. I haven't started working on those, but I did get those recently, so I'll start working on getting those resolved.	NULL
310	 All right. Thanks.	NULL
311	 Feel great things.	NULL
312	 Great things they were better than that.	NULL
313	 OK, Anybody else have any updates?	NULL
314	  It's hilarious that they're in there.	NULL
315	 It's a lot...a little bit ago what you're doing with the Thursdays?  Did Kim even join?	NULL
316	 I thought I heard Kim, but,  sure who did join.	NULL
317	 Yeah, it is...I always hear them on calls .	NULL
318	 I don't know. Every time I hear Kim I think of the girl sort of like...I've never heard it as a man's name before.	NULL
319	 OK I will let you know that... I'll just let you know that one of the folks that is supporting our virtual server advised us that it appears there's a possibility that the application could be using reports and not releasing them.	NULL
320	 We're not saying that that's happening, so the thing now is doing that today. put a monitor on those codes just so that he can see that they're being released. Other than that, he was not able to find out what, if there was a network issue, it was. Before we can root cause it so it doesn't happen again, I wanted to make sure that it's not a port issue, so he's taking care of that.	NULL
321	 And that's all I have.	NULL
322	 All right. We will talk to you guys tomorrow.	NULL
323	 It records. It's red. It records  and you can plug it in here and it will search all your notes. It can take it up.	NULL
324	 Seriously?	NULL
325	 Mm-hm. Look at the paper. It's super cool.	NULL
326	 This is works?	NULL
327	 When you push record, it starts recording what you write, and there's a little camera in here, and it picks up the things that...	NULL
328	 Are you serious?	NULL
329	 Yeah, I'm completely serious. I have, what, 73 pages since I came here? I'll probably fill it up by the time I leave. Then I can remember because I'm not doing my research stuff for the data analysis until October, so I need to remember everything I can remember. It's really cool. I didn't use it at first, and then I was like, "I should try it." My handwriting is terrible. Look at that. It picks it up. It's fantastic.	NULL
330	 It is. It's really cool.	NULL
331	 It's super awesome. I didn't buy it. I made Notre Dame buy it. I was like...	NULL
332	 ...made. Before we go, we'll figure it out and get the best of the usual releases. Conduit...	NULL
333	 What about that? 	NULL
334	 We got in a request that's, as per usual, something that needs to be done within the next month so I asked them what they wanted to push out and pretty much Conduit with The Elite. A way of possibilities so we'll be replacing MAT point and configurable palette with the MAT powders. Adam and Miranda are given at the best in Michael's help. I already told them the Conduit stuff, we just have a slot for them.	NULL
335	 	NULL
336	 Well, get started on it. I'd say go ahead, but until we have the meeting happening.	NULL
337	 If we get a meeting  .	NULL
338	 Yes, if we can get the meeting and get stories. If Patrick has time again with the performance issue, any type thing, and you're becoming familiar with it then that's great.  , customer support?	NULL
339	 That's open.	NULL
340	 And, then Frontier. So can you all get together and get Frontier scheduled for  ?	NULL
341	 We want them scheduled like April the fourth, right? That's that Monday?	NULL
342	 April fourth or  .	NULL
343	 Can you add the PUD and the sub power on the northwest engine of that database? I honestly keep forgetting to do it.	NULL
344	 Can you remember when we get down to that thing?	NULL
345	 I think we're on that section. I want them to be trained.	NULL
346	 Got you.	NULL
347	 I want them to be listed as a group, those three companies to be trained on Front Desk. That and PUD and the sub powering on the northwest engine. Jesse, when you get to that, then I'll give you the contact names. I don't have them off the top of my head.	NULL
348	 You need to talk to  . We have residents there to notify people. We need to get him on board. OK, we have decided on the Agile Class, and I am gonna get it scheduled based on everybody's calenders. John wanted us to bring a couple of the Denver people in. Talked to Matt yesterday about trying to make sure it all works with their calenders, as well. We are going do a one day class. It will probably be late April, early May would be my guess.	NULL
349	 Where would that be, then?	NULL
350	 Here?	NULL
351	 Well I think the question is are the people...	NULL
352	 I just saw the number of people.	NULL
353	 Here we are...	NULL
354	 It's going to be our team, Jules' team, and then a couple guys from Denver. So we can open that up. We'll figure out how to do it.	NULL
355	 OK, HTML file  .	NULL
356	 I've asked  for these flashback construction engineering. I told them engineering is done, and, construction, I told them we're not planning on doing anything this quarter.	NULL
357	 At least not  .	NULL
358	 They were supposed to get together and talk back with me but they haven't yet, so whatever. All right, Frontier?	NULL
359	 It's awesome!	NULL
360	 What's the real story?	NULL
361	 We're probably going to have another emergency release tonight around, I'd say, 7:00 or 8:00. How many days passed? 	NULL
362	 Presently, those release counters, how many business days have we...	NULL
363	 That's exactly...close one, because we did not do one on Monday. We did one on Sunday, didn't do it on Monday. We did one Sunday with every business position.	NULL
364	 There will be nothing to worry about right now.	NULL
365	 We really messed with Paige's report. Seems like being every bad day out there with all the sudden releases.	NULL
366	 Not very happy about it. What about the people for that date?	NULL
367	 Apparently, we're going to be converting those assets at some time on Saturday, April the 2nd over Verizon. As far as where the rest of the release is, Drake's trying to not have email up, and get his work done for the release and quit working on emergency releases. He's trying to keep it down so that he can get caught up. Everybody else, I guess, is on track. Nobody said they were stuck.	NULL
368	 There's no way you could  . 30,000 locations have fallen out right now.	NULL
369	 Are they answering your questions?	NULL
370	 Just so we are clear, your stuff is what you get done by April 2nd. After that it becomes their stuff, unless they decide to push after release. I know that's not the best possible solution we can turn over, but that's the one that they had given us. If they refuse to push that day, and they say they'll handle the fallout. There we go. Karen?	NULL
371	 I can't read the  . Whole transfer stuff...as far as I know we are on track for delivering at the end of the month, their go by date. Right now is April 4th. I do have some questioning on reports. They didn't give me four reports that they want. There's not a whole lot of detail in there. They said they need this before we go live.	NULL
372	 I'm meeting with Des, I think tomorrow, on those reports. That's our top priority from them. Des keeps working on that. We're meeting with them Thursday again, so they can decide what option they want to go with. So we can make progress on that. That will not meet the 31st day period. There's no way that's going to happen.	NULL
373	 But we did tell her that yesterday.	NULL
374	 Yes, we did.	NULL
375	 The sooner we know things are going to meet dates,  the better we can set expectations to them.	NULL
376	 The Dashboard is done, as far as I'm concerned.	NULL
377	 Are you sure? Nobody  today.	NULL
378	 Yes. Kevin's been writing those stories. We have a meeting probably Sunday, so  test cases.  . Then we have the planning  early this week or next week, it may not be this week. Sometime next week it should be done  , as far as the whole thing goes, hopefully.	NULL
379	  Marcy has sent questions over to the engineers, basically in charge of the engineering request. I guess we'll make an emergency release for that report. I'm talking about this...then we've talked about this sustainment team. We've loosely got Jasmine and Miranda as the sustainment team right now.	NULL
380	 Miranda we've kind of pulled off a little bit, to work on this emergency one month, mapping things with Adam. Right now Jasmine is the sustainment team. We just had a meeting with United Illuminating, because they had a bunch of tickets kind of following...Karen's got a bunch of schedule work to do.	NULL
381	 The whole point of this sustainment team-creating is to try to limit the distractions and do our schedule part. What we said out of this...we had that meeting. Joel and Karen ran it, talked to the customer and asked questions back and forth. What we really want is Jesse and Jasmine running that meeting.	NULL
382	 The tickets come in to Jesse, if he can't figure it out, if it's a coding thing, something that needs to be looked at in the code, questions that he has, or things that need to be configured. Then he would go to the sustainment team, and then they're able to look into the code, probably make some database changes. At first they're going to have a lot of questions, so we will be subject matter experts that they'll go to.	NULL
383	 So they might schedule a 10, 15 minute question and answer session where they will write down...so we won't have to sit there keeping notes, managing it all, making sure it all gets done, making sure the tickets get resolved -- that'll be the sustainment team responsibility -- we'll just be there answering questions. So they'll ask the questions, write down the answers, update the tickets, and then we just...obviously at first they're going to have a lot of questions to us about how things work. So that will be our responsibility right now, just to answer those questions.	NULL
384	 Then as we move on into maybe some people roll on onto that team  that'll allow him to ask people in other applications questions so we'll all work through this cross-training opportunity.  . Do we have?	NULL
385	 We had some stuff that Jasmine did and we haven't released it yet, a couple of things we found, new items, we're fixing the other two. Jeremy's CTL needs to be added on that list too. That has the same thing, there were some things that were...	NULL
386	 checking everything she did   .	NULL
387	 ...put over there too, I don't know what they are off the top of my head.	NULL
388	 Do I need to be notified? Releases?	NULL
389	 No.	NULL
390	 I don't know, let's...	NULL
391	 1.20 is the one that's going out at the end of the month.	NULL
392	 	NULL
393	 Based on what new tech 1.10 out on, that is...	NULL
394	 	NULL
395	 1.20 might need to be moved up some depending on what option they take on the fast path. That's the one having to get it checked in. I guess we owe him that with a clean release so we may go with 20 a little bit earlier.	NULL
396	 The HTML files will be the release and then we'll work it like an Agile thing where if we have an emergency release or one month release, there might be things that are doable and releaseable, to production during that thing, and this thing of a couple of releases, I guess, probably.	NULL
397	 Today what I did was -- for this meeting -- sometimes I hear the complaint throughout the years that people don't know what other people are doing. So today, rather than staying on track off track, I kind of had everybody give a little bit more color to the things so you all can let me know if you like that or don't like that. That way at least we all kind of know what's going on, and what's coming and what's in range, and whatever people are working on. I'm sorry that's as far as it goes. One minute.	NULL
398	 So we're going to do this upgrade to TFS. I think the upgrade is 2015, then we can hire Paige to come in for a couple of weeks and let everything go forwards.	NULL
399	 I think that'll be very helpful to run on  ...we'll just still  higher, for that one, and then...	NULL
400	 OK so I want...we always say this and everybody gets locked up in their day to day, I would like everyone in this room to submit something by next week  , just an idea, just anything that they're interested in technology-wise, that will force us all to...if you don't have anything pressing, at least it'll get the brain ticking a little bit about, "Hey, what might I be interested in?"	NULL
401	 Because you know, we do have this core value about being driven and wanting to grow and wanting to expand our knowledge in anything I guess, and I guess it doesn't necessarily have to be  , you could just be technology thing, it could be application thing, it could be "I want to know more about how nuts and bolts and  works." Whatever.	NULL
402	 I want to get lunch, something to eat if you want me to  . It can be anybody.	NULL
403	 We've got a lot of knowledge in this room so we just want to take advantage of that. I would like every single person to submit something. I would say go into the spread sheet and just put your idea down here somewhere. I've created an ideas tab on here so everybody can just go put your idea on the ideas tab this week.	NULL
404	 OK, set-up time for new hires, for training classes. I think Jesse's coming to work in a bit with...	NULL
405	 I know, he said  .	NULL
406	 Yeah. He's been unofficially now. We'll get a target and more formalized, with this on-boarding process. I want to talk to Brandon and Jasmine and get their input, Paige I guess as well, about what could we do better. I met with you guys a little bit about this same thing.	NULL
407	 All right, so we took a little bit more time today talking about the status of where everything's at. Does anybody have any issues or anything that we can take off of this list? I guess it decreases every time, those tabs.	NULL
408	 Does anybody else need...I know Susan,  and Jesse are the...	NULL
409	  .	NULL
410	 OK. Does anybody feel the need to do a formal touch-base on the ticketing process?	NULL
411	  and I would like a refresher, since it's been a few months since she showed us how to do it.	NULL
412	 Yeah, some new members. I think we need a refresher course.	NULL
413	 We'll set that up.	NULL
414	 What is the set up that today  would go for support fails, they need access really to  pick up some of the support, and so I asked Kevin about it, and of course they don't want to send us the  , so how are we going to analyse  because we don't want to have to give mainframe access for everybody  .	NULL
415	 Be able to keep  to be able to discuss that, make sure that we're good, legally, or to  .	NULL
416	 On the support thing, when work stoppage issues come through and it's during the day, can we assume that you will get in touch with the right person, so I can delete that email until...	NULL
417	 You can just take your name off the list  .	NULL
418	 ...if someone gets...	NULL
419	 every time one comes in   ...	NULL
420	 Do I need to look at it?	NULL
421	 ...the handling goes and that's why I always  ...	NULL
422	 Only reason why I left you two on the list of people that get notified is like what if I'm sick that day.	NULL
423	 That's fine. If I can assume you will get to the right person, I will delete it, unless you're out of the office.	NULL
424	 Here's what I would prefer is if we did...When you have it, if you can send a reply to the big blue  . Whoever's got it, everybody also knows, because you know it's just like that  people, then likely nobody's doing  .	NULL
425	 "Hey, I have it," type thing.	NULL
426	 Yeah, or the opposite of that is three people will be looking at the same thing. I would like a, "Hey, we got it," type thing. I don't know what's the best way to do that. Maybe you go ahead and change the ticket  if you could do that, as soon as you're looking at it.	NULL
427	 I could just do some kind of a standardized thing, like we've received a ticket and we'll provide an update when we have more...Just something like that, to know that I've actually seen it  that response  the ticket. It can be something as simple as that.	NULL
428	 Just some way that so we'll know  you're not here, then I'll probably handle one of them.	NULL
429	 I don't know that you're not here now since I'm not always there.	NULL
430	 Anything else?  .	NULL
431	 I forgot what it was.	NULL
432	 to add, is there anything you want to ask or talk about  or suggest? I know right now we're still making  so the process changes and trying to hold on  process changes and also that we've touched a lot of issues  . I had you all feeling good on the HTML file as far as this iteration   .	NULL
433	 Can you put in something that  I don't think anyone has decided on how they want it to be laid out yet. That's the last I heard.	NULL
434	 Writing?	NULL
435	 Pardon?	NULL
436	 Writing? You're writing  .	NULL
437	 Me?	NULL
438	 Yeah, 1 through 10.	NULL
439	 No.	NULL
440	 I already a  .	NULL
441	 How long ago?	NULL
442	 Who's next?	NULL
443	   .	NULL
444	 Eight.	NULL
445	  I'm trying to understand...	NULL
446	 About the...? OK.	NULL
447	  throw some numbers.	NULL
448	 Just the effectiveness of it, the point in writing it is to try get more vision in the meeting and try to make sure that things are useful, the information is useful, that we're not wasting time, that we're solving issues. Right now, I've got the meeting schedule, so sure, there's difficult-to-solve issues.	NULL
449	 My hope out of this is that we raise issues and then that we can form little teams together to try to solve the issues as we go and get all that stuff on the table, and then to give information to everybody, since a lot of people  complained about not knowing what everybody else is working on, things like that. Just giving a little color of what everybody's working on.	NULL
450	 addressing all the concerns we have   .	NULL
451	 Yeah, addressing the concerns and just letting everybody  .	NULL
452	 necessarily address those, upgrade and have triage   .	NULL
453	 If I see a bunch sixes or sevens or something or a bunch of tens and somebody uses a seven, then it's like, "Why is it?" and then try to address what the concern is. So like Patrick in  , what would make it better than a seven?	NULL
454	 Knocking some stuff off the list. It is helpful. It is generally good, but not has been better or worse than the other. We've started knocking stuff off the list and maybe  get more fuzzy  .	NULL
455	 I've got the same concerns. It seems like we  , but not much is getting rubbed off.	NULL
456	 I think that it's probably a good idea to go ahead and make it 45 minutes. I think we can use the extra 15 minutes. I try to start small, see what we can get done, but it seems like...That's always my issues, too, when I was managing things, knocking things off.	NULL
457	 I gave it an eight today instead of a seven because we did add and take a couple things off and put things on the to-do list. We talked about the support thing. We didn't solve anything big, but at least we made a little bit of progress.	NULL
458	 There was one thing you mentioned earlier on, TFS 2013, and so that  pops up in my head. The simple solution  in 2012, Frontier we're on 2013, are we going to...?	NULL
459	 Everything would be on the same.	NULL
460	 Are we?	NULL
461	 Yeah  where all of our products are  .	NULL
462	 We're going by TFS where everything is and everything can do that well right now. I've got my Visual Studio.	NULL
463	 I'm talking Visual Studio. We need to  .	NULL
464	 We can actually put that...	NULL
465	 ...so that you're all  .	NULL
466	 That's the kind of thing that we want to capture, put on the issues log and  .	NULL
467	 I don't think it's a to-do yet, because I don't think we're at a point to do it. I think we're going to have to figure out how we're going to do it, because we have at least three right now. We have 2010, 2012 and 2013. I think it needs some discussion around strategy to do it first, before it becomes a to-do, and then once we do that then it could be something to do, someone actually doing it.	NULL
468	 That's all...anything else  .	NULL
469	 I'm getting a little loopy.	NULL
470	 Very well. Understood. That's for sure.	NULL
471	 It's a lot of emails I've gone through. I've gone through more in the last two weeks than ever in a two week time span. OK. Did you all have anything specific you wanted to talk about?	NULL
472	 Speaking of emails. Earlier in the week, Susan, I sent you an email about location groups.	NULL
473	  I haven't gotten back to that one yet. I do remember reading it...Stop it!	NULL
474	 Slacker.	NULL
475	 Slacker? That's me. Goofing off. I'll find out the answers and get them to you.	NULL
476	 Thank you. Would that be related to the ICP clusters?	NULL
477	 Yeah. I know Peggy and I talked about it, because she was working on some documentation and had a few questions  sent on to Susan.	NULL
478	 One of Larry's group  was wondering...I don't know, I hope it's in an email about, I think Susan or somebody explained you could  location groups, or there wasn't an opportunity to do global ones. We need to get those clusters back in, or started.	NULL
479	 Anything else that we need to talk about?	NULL
480	 Jim, do you have anything else?	NULL
481	 No, I'm good.	NULL
482	 So, Jim, the last email that Brian sent in regards to those CLLIs that we can't match as an exchange? I know we're getting down to the wire. I don't think that Ken and I can weigh in on that, as to what he wants to do.	A
483	 I've got it open, here. That was one of my two things, so I'll jump to that one. Yeah, Brian...Let's see, where are we? The company plant couldn't find a CLLI code.	F
486	 Actually, a different email  . Ship this one.	NULL
487	 It was probably...It kind of looks like it. I did just company, plant at first. Then I tried company, plant, and zip code. I got a little bit better results with that. There's still the company, plant combination either doesn't exist in the CLLIs that exist in those network element files, or the combination yields too many...There's not a distinct exchange, otherwise, for that combination.	NULL
488	 What are you bouncing off of? I don't know.	NULL
489	 There was three files. DJ, would probably be better to chime in on this one.	NULL
490	 It was network elements, Jim, that I was provided by Cathy Johns. I gave him those three documents that match. It was network elements and the OAC. The other one was asset accounting. Do you want a copy of them?	NULL
491	 Asset accounting?	NULL
492	 Asset accounting was the OAC and the...	NULL
493	 OK. No. Let me just back up then. That's good enough to get me started to help. I know that it's critical, seeing what we missed. In my explanation, I'd say, is there any way to take that company plant, that you said we figured was buried in that, through those CLLI codes?	NULL
494	 Use that company plant to first map to the CLLI six of the  key data? Oh, so you did do that.	NULL
495	 Yes.	NULL
496	 With that, you'd have to go over to Cathy Johns, OK.	NULL
497	 Right.	NULL
498	 That doesn't make sense. I'm not questioning you but...	NULL
499	 I totally understand.	NULL
500	  . You're saying for company plant combination, like in California, 9WC whatever plan code, that could come to us, there's multiple CLLI sixes? Leave out the building?	NULL
501	 Not necessarily different CLLI sixes, but those CLLI sixes didn't have the state exchange codes.	NULL
502	 Really?	NULL
503	 Yeah.	NULL
504	 These don't look like anything I've ever seen before, so Ken and I were talking about it, and...	NULL
505	 So, I'm scared to do anything on these, because I don't want there to be bad accounting data on there, but I also don't want them to fall out, either. Could I maybe take the most popular exchange code out of the...? That's kind of almost a quirky,  thing to do, and I feel like exactly like what Susan motioned to do, like I'm kind of throwing a dart.	NULL
506	 DJ, if I pull up 9WC0201, you're going to get a long list of company plants, different sub plants, and you're going to get some valid CLLI codes, and invalid ones. To me, an exchange boundary  like Marion, Ohio added one exchange, and then small little remotes off of Marion, it's the same exchange. I thought the exchange was a broader, defining area, so I was hoping.	NULL
507	 It sounds like that didn't work. What did we do with the net pseudos?	NULL
508	 That was the lowly thing about net, is that each of the pseudos itself had the company code on there. In the net table itself, the CO profile table, there was that Infinium company code OAC in exchange field for each record.	NULL
509	 That's because we went in and cleaned those up prior to passing the data to you.	NULL
510	 Which is going to be more difficult, and probably impossible to do in this case, because you could probably clean them up  extract 4, but then when we get the next extract, then there's going to be more stuff in there, potentially, that we haven't even considered. It would be nice if we had more broader swath.	NULL
511	 I like Jim's rules, that mindset of, if we had CLLI six, we could map it to an exchange that way. That was incredibly beneficial. It's just it's not fully working.	NULL
512	 Don't you all have to, or somebody have to map these CLLIs to Infinium?	NULL
513	 The pseudo ones?	NULL
514	 Yeah. Or do they not use the pseudos in Infinium?	NULL
515	 Like Ken said, in net we already clean them up, so yeah, we'll eventually have to map them to Infinium.	NULL
516	 No, I mean for Infinium to go live with this Verizon data in April, doesn't somebody have to map this stuff? I don't understand.	NULL
517	 They'll map it by...I'll check with the Infinium folks.	NULL
518	 DJ, I know you haven't said this directly, but isn't some of the work that the IT department is going to be doing on this data before we get it, some of the work that they have to do so that Infinium will have their information on that, to the Verizon...?	NULL
519	 I said, I didn't finish my thought. Now remember, in Infinium, they don't even look at the CLLI code.  thing, so they're just looking at the company plant, sub plant, and going by the CO code and business unit. They're defining it that way. So, Infinium doesn't even look at these pseudo-CLLIs or CLLIs. Go ahead, DJ, I interrupted you to answer the other part.	NULL
520	 I just wanted to clarify.	NULL
521	 No, that's good.	NULL
522	 Pulling it in  , it's like you said. This doesn't have anything to do with the CLLIs, but, you'd think there was something that we could match it up with.	NULL
523	 Those three digits, let me send out another file, but, those three digits that have  from the very top, if you look at 225WC, the does WC stand for wire center? Or not?	NULL
524	 She told me about...	NULL
525	 No, it was out in California. 9WC was the company code.	NULL
526	 Since the Infinium folks are going to have to deal with this, probably on the case-by-case basis as they encounter the new sub plants, I assume, could we put maybe a placeholder on these that we can't figure out and get them in that way? And then they could be dealt with on the case-by-case basis as they get encountered in LCAM? Is that a possibility?	NULL
527	 That's a good question. Ken, we need to get with Sarah, I think,  she's got to go into Infinium anyway, and fixed assets, so we should be able to get those exchanges.	NULL
528	  . The data that she sent to you...	NULL
529	 So if that's true, then we could probably just come up with a pattern, like Drake said, of an exchange code. Because the exchange code helps me link back to that other file that DJ gave me that had that exhaustive list of LACs and company codes. I've had not a single problem matching up the exchange codes I've found back to that list, so I think that's perfect there.	NULL
530	 The only thing that I would need to put in there would be a place holder for the exchange code, the company code, and the OAC. If we just came up with some sort of thing that, it's blatantly obvious to whoever's using that part of LCAM, goes, "Oh, yeah, I know I need to do this when I come across this," then that would at least get  through this part to the next thing.	NULL
531	 So, if that's OK with you guys, I'll just...we'll figure out what looks good based on the data that we've got and email that to you guys. You can either say, "Yeah I like that," or "No, I don't like that, go back, dummy and go try it again," and we'll try it again.	NULL
532	 Yeah, sounds good.	NULL
533	 Jim, did you say you had two items on your list?	NULL
534	 Ken, are you OK with that? DJ.	NULL
535	 Yeah. That sounds like a good solution, short term, to me.	NULL
537	 It was quite a while ago, and to be honest, it could have been you that said it or somebody else. Neither here nor there. That's the next barrier I'm coming across, is I need to know whether or not the G team's ship-to code is indeed a valid ship-to code for those locations that are in the extract. If they are, I'll need those addresses. I really just don't know where to find them, if they are in the extract or not.	F
538	 If they're not, I need to strip those out, but we'd also need to know whether we can or can't ship a plug to one of those particular locations, and if something needs to go there, where it needs to be shipped to, via, to get there.	A
539	 I hesitate to pull NetLogic out, because it seems to me like it'd be a mess if it got into LCAM without a via location specified, and somebody tried to ship something directly to someplace in the middle of nowhere.	NULL
540	 That seems like that would be a worse problem to clean up than the alternative, but I can do whatever you guys feel is the better of the two evils. If we can't get the ship-to's in time, that is. I know you're relying on somebody else to get us that information, I just...	NULL
541	 I've got a call in to  . I guess I can call again. Everybody's busy who's on call. So Ken, if we didn't have a ship-to via on some of these, I think you're going to be...I don't even know what we would ship to those pseudos.	NULL
542	 We probably aren't shipping to them, but I'm not sure all the intricacies between  and G teams, and how G teams was handling that. I haven't looked at the G teams data, either. Brian, have you been looking at the G teams data?	NULL
543	 I don't know where to find it, to be honest.	NULL
544	 OK. 	NULL
545	 I saw the reference to it, and I'm not seeing any foreign key constraints to another table from the ice locations table, but I haven't looked...	NULL
546	 Most of these didn't have constraints, I think. I think they had interfaces built between separate databases. DJ, should I do some digging into G teams?	NULL
547	 Let me ask somebody over at the Verizon land the question. That way, you don't have to waste your time if I can get some information.	NULL
548	 That would be of help. Thank you.	NULL
549	 You're very welcome.	NULL
550	 So, is the option on the via ship-to...Can that also just have a filler that would prompt others to react to it?	NULL
551	 Can we just put a pseudo-pseudo...	NULL
552	 Pseudo-pseudo.	NULL
553	 I'm starting to feel out of conception here, but a pseudo-pseudo CLLI, that we put as the via location for all of the ones that have a via location, and that can be the place holder, then go, "Oh, I need to figure out where to ship this to," and we could have that as a dummy address, maybe? I don't know what that would look like, but, something.	NULL
554	 Would they all be the same? Pseudo-pseudo?	NULL
555	 Yeah. Every G team ship code that we have, we would just map it to alpha.	NULL
556	 Ship unknown or something like that. Load base alpha  .	NULL
557	 Yeah, we can try that, Jim.	NULL
558	 What do you think, Ken? DJ?	NULL
559	 We can't find any real data that would at least get the records transferred in without fallout.	NULL
560	 That'd be good, as long as there's something there and we know we've got to go back to it.  target. What we have for  logistics is  ship to  .	NULL
561	 Yeah. They should have those, right?	NULL
562	 Yeah. I need to get back with them. I haven't sent any replies. Plus, he didn't call me back.	NULL
563	 That did bring me to another question. I can't find warehouses in the data at all, and I know that, Ken, we got feedback from you to look at the building type field that's there, and that was beneficial. We found the field locations, and may denote it as CS, which I assume is Central Stock. RDC Remote Distribution Center, and then I think an IDC is an Intermediate Distribution Center.	NULL
564	 The CSs, the HCSs, and I think the RDPs even, RDCs, and net we treated as forward stocking locations, and we had a static list of CLLIs that we knew to be warehouses. But I don't have a static list or anything like that for the Verizon ones.	NULL
565	 I looked at non-working to working plug ratios, and I noticed that the central stock ones, or the building type designating them as central stock locations, had pretty much zero percent working plugs, which sounded to me like it could be either a warehouse or a forward stocking location.	NULL
566	 But their FRCs were like 357C, so that didn't sound like a warehouse to me. I did find...	NULL
567	 Go ahead, I'm sorry.	NULL
568	 Well I know...To cut in there, I just found out not too long ago that Verizon changed their policy on reuse items. They are leaving the capital account. I just wanted to let you know that those 357Cs, that was reused stuff.  .	NULL
569	 I did find several locations that seemed to be where the primary account was, a 12, 20, 6, 10, which is the new, right? One of them was the RDC, which was in there, which looked like it was grapevine...Something like that.	NULL
570	 But, there were also several other references to assets to locations that seemed to be where the primary account was 12, 20, 6, 10, and those locations didn't exist in the ice locations table. It almost sounds like those could be warehouses, but they didn't exist in the warehouse table.	NULL
571	 All right. Let me...  a Verizon call, and I don't know if I have all the emails that he had requested, all the special warehouses. Let me see if I can find that. Grapevine, and  , and there were a couple others. I think that...	NULL
572	 I've monopolized the time  , but I think that's pretty much all I had.	NULL
573	 We don't have to go into detail on this, but  said to try to work those shipments, and I don't know if you saw the email. Today at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. Would have been 10, 11. Go into it now,  .	NULL
574	 What is the problem of the shipment? What exactly was in the email? I can probably find it...	NULL
575	 The shipment of...	NULL
576	 Is this the one about the projects?	NULL
577	 You're cutting out. Or I am.	NULL
578	 Sorry.	NULL
579	 No, go ahead. You were cutting out, I couldn't hear.	NULL
580	 Is this the one about the projects being wrong on the shipments?	NULL
581	 Yeah.	NULL
582	 We were just looking at that before we got on the call with you guys, so I should be able to give you an update tomorrow once we finish looking at it.	NULL
583	 Thanks.	NULL
584	 Sure. Is there anything else?	NULL
585	 No, not here.	NULL
586	 No.	NULL
587	 All right. Thanks, everybody. We'll talk to you guys later.	NULL
588	 Thank you. Bye.	NULL
589	 DJ seems peppy.	NULL
590	 Is it her Friday, too?	NULL
591	 What am I working on today, the LCAM? What we'll be working on for the next meeting, the LCAM. What do I need from who? Nothing, issues,  can go away. Thanks. 	NULL
592	 Been working on more of the elements and stuff. I've looked over Jasmine's page, and then I've been doing help file stuff for current notifying. What about you, Mahesh?	NULL
593	 I've been working on login page.	NULL
594	 Login page? What are you working on? Jasmine pretty much has it done.	NULL
595	 The same page. I'm working on whatever she's working on, business studio. It's different. I think I got the files from the notify library. They keep on changing them  .	NULL
596	 A little bit.	NULL
597	 A bit, so sometimes we  because what I am doing, is I am downloading from there and pasting on the desktop and working there. So the names, everything, is changing from  .	NULL
598	 That's annoying.	NULL
599	 I think the collaboration with Jasmine is not working as expected  . Today I can show you that.	NULL
600	 You really need to be working with someone else.	NULL
601	 I need to also be working on the changing of the icons for the notify  .	NULL
602	 For the tiles.	NULL
603	 We really need to set up a  repository or something that we can work from so that we're not running into these issues, and so that you're not working from your desktop and using old files.	NULL
604	  .	NULL
605	 Jasmine threw it all out to TFS i think, from the  . It's terrible.	NULL
606	 Is it in TFS now?	NULL
607	 I think so. I'm not 100 percent sure.	NULL
608	 But we still have the source code that needs to go in TFS?	NULL
609	 Yeah, we don't have that. I'm just talking about the stories. So you're talking about putting all of our files there?	NULL
610	 That would be good to do.	NULL
611	  Jasmine...	NULL
612	 Should be in charge of doing that...	NULL
613	 I just need a half hour with somebody to think about this because we're going to need to  . Probably enter  notify half. We're going to be on that, on that release cycle. There's going to be some issues with that when I start plugging-up the APIs. All that's under Titan.	NULL
614	 We don't want to make this a configuration nightmare for developers to go in.	NULL
615	 Who do you need to sit down with?	NULL
616	 Somebody.	NULL
617	 What is the question?	NULL
618	 It doesn't matter.	NULL
619	 I just need to bounce ideas off somebody.	NULL
620	 What are you talking about?	NULL
621	 Source control and putting everything in TFS. All of our files and everything. Right now, we're working off of  two, people are working on their desktop and files are getting written. We're not using the same stuff.	NULL
622	 Stuff is breaking. It shouldn't be.	NULL
623	 My note is, can we notify? We can probably add to the notify solution. We haven't had the solution upgraded since  the project  .	NULL
624	 You could probably cue Karen on this.  a release manager.	NULL
625	 I don't know who the release manager is.	NULL
626	 It needs one.	NULL
627	 Agreed.	NULL
628	 It needs to start getting on integrations and  . I need to show Karen what they did. Whether or not she's able to show up and put much into it and see.	NULL
629	 What is she working on?	NULL
630	 She's just finishing up with Peter's stuff, but she's also releasing  on that. I'm collecting  . She needs to be.	NULL
631	 OK.	NULL
632	 But, I guess  . Unless they hire somebody else. It doesn't need to be Susan.	NULL
633	 Like a project manager?	NULL
634	 Oh man, a release manager. It needs a release manager for  .	NULL
635	  .	NULL
636	 Whatever it needs.	NULL
637	 But we're not doing the  .	NULL
638	  I'm just saying somebody needs to be driving these releases and putting together iterations, because we've got to start getting results. We've got to start having iterations that have meat in them.	NULL
639	 I agree.	NULL
640	 Otherwise, we'll just keep floundering.	NULL
641	 Mahesh, what do you need? Need anything right now?	NULL
642	 No.	NULL
643	 So what do we have?	NULL
644	  .	NULL
645	 Login page and home screen.	NULL
646	 I'm bleeding, bro.	NULL
647	 	NULL
648	 	NULL
649	 Back when I lived here, that would never happen.	NULL
650	 Would have been real blood.	NULL
651	  .	NULL
652	 We need to have the login page link up with the home page.	NULL
653	  updating the icons for every page.So if I .	NULL
654	 That would be ideal, yes. That was what we wanted.	NULL
655	 OK all right back to work. I'll get Karen these.	NULL
656	  .	NULL
657	 This is my home page, so I need to...once I log in, I should be able to access  . This is for , so I need to change these icons. I need to change the  like this. . That's what I'm thinking, if I load this website with this login page, so I can easily change the icons.	NULL
658	  .	NULL
659	  .	NULL
660	 What did the login page  .	NULL
661	  something missing.	NULL
662	 So what did we decide about what links and things to put in there?	NULL
663	 Only the view training schedule is going to be available, but it's not showing up there.	NULL
664	 How did that end up?	NULL
665	 Darryl didn't want the training stuff to be available to users outside of being logged in, because he said that our competitors could just go and see what you could do with notify without...	NULL
666	  customers.	NULL
667	 He didn't want the help files available from the home page. Or from the login page, rather. Until you've logged in.	NULL
668	 I disagree with that.	NULL
669	 Why do you disagree with that?	NULL
670	 Because it's like a sales tool. Our competitors can get there if they want to get there.	NULL
671	 I guess they could just create a fake account.	NULL
672	 It's on there now.	NULL
673	 Yeah, but he wants it gone now.	NULL
674	 I'll have that discussion with him  .	NULL
675	 	NULL
676	 It's fine. I'll talk to him.	NULL
677	 That probably needs to happen soon, because he was pretty adamant about it.	NULL
678	 I guess I'm project downer there, right?	NULL
679	 Yep.	NULL
680	 I'll have the discussion with him and then  . Ultimately it's, we can decide whether or not we want to do that. It's a landing page for something that people that are interested in knowing what it is will be going to.	NULL
681	 I mean, as far as we can...	NULL
682	 Freaking paranoia, worried about  .	NULL
683	 Couldn't somebody just register with a fake account and get all the information anyway?	NULL
684	 Not really. When they register their account, we give the company access. Then they have to register as part of the company. Until we say this company is there...Someone can go in and say, "I'm with one of these other companies."	NULL
685	 But if they don't have an email address matching the domain, then somebody from that company has to validate them. It's a little bit.	NULL
686	 OK.	NULL
687	 It may be that...Maybe we end up with a different link when you're not logged in. Even if you're a valid user, PHI doesn't want some competitor of theirs looking at their processes, but they want to be able to see them too.	NULL
688	 I see both sides of that. Whatever you want to do.	NULL
689	 You can put a link to our  .	NULL
690	 That's in the  embedded file. At the bottom it says powered by  . That's a link to one's home page. Maybe I can...	NULL
691	 I think  .	NULL
692	 It shouldn't fit. Adding a link to the home page is not a big deal. It's going to change everything to make  .	NULL
693	 It's planned to be in there.	NULL
694	 In two week  , we're supposed to have something published that you can actually log in.	NULL
695	 Login, see the home screen and then conversation page. Cool, cool, cool.	NULL
696	 That's good.	NULL
697	 What's going on with that?	NULL
698	 ...or that is doesn't allow remote connections -- which I has up until now -- or that it can't connect to the server. What the heck?	NULL
699	  This computer may not have connectivity.	NULL
700	  . Susan? Anyone want to put board up?	NULL
701	 I can't get connected to my computer to get the board up.	NULL
702	 You can Google. You can Google.	NULL
703	 Well, my board's up.	NULL
704	 OK, well, call them out. What do they got  ?	NULL
705	 I'm inside updated  inventory search.	NULL
706	 Still working on that, Adam?	NULL
707	 I've worked on it a tiny bit yesterday.	NULL
708	 Most of you time was spent on...	NULL
709	 Other things, and including the remote. I had received messages are now coming in from  ...So, I had a bunch of those. This is  screen. I got it down, from 203, I got it down to 60, that they're going to have to look at.	F
710	 That's good. You got rid of the stuff that they need to be concerned about.	F
711	 Just as long as there's  have to see  , we can give them an update on that this morning. They need to look at those 60 that are left, because they can't  FTR serial numbers.  .	F
712	 Patrick, if you launch the  .	NULL
713	 before  follow it again, hours of testing   .	NULL
714	 Can we get it on the Internet at all?	NULL
715	 OK, Grady's got generate report data.	NULL
716	 I'm still working on that. I've got to update  out, and couldn't touch TFS. I'll update LCAM.	NULL
717	 Who's next?	NULL
718	 Kevin and Drake's got modify the retail notifications that handle non-sterilized equipment, and to modify received equipment that handle non-sterilized equipment.	F
719	 In theory,   this afternoon...	NULL
720	 I know, what's this "in theory" crap?	NULL
721	 So, you're making progress, though.	NULL
722	 Reboot.	NULL
723	 I don't have anything right now  , and Patrick has got break out bay audit details into their own page and grid.	NULL
724	 I'm plugging away at that.	NULL
725	 And add duplicate H  description for older, unprocessed  .	F
726	 Yeah, those are all bay audit screen updates. I'm shoveling through them at the moment.	A
727	 I swear, that's weird. Shut that...  that.	NULL
728	 And new  update.	NULL
729	 And Brian doesn't have anything?  He's afraid to try and break his stuff apart into tasks. I don't think he has any tasks out there, so they wouldn't show up on the board. He's being a bad boy  .	NULL
730	 And very silly.	NULL
731	 He's usually my good one. The one that puts the tasks out there   .	NULL
732	 "Brian's not doing anything!"	NULL
733	 Try it now, Susan.	NULL
734	 Don't think I'm  .	NULL
735	 I did want to bring up, while we're here...I keep looking up there for the time since it's not up. We do have some issues that probably are going to require a release to be fixed, so I don't know who has time to look at those issues  .	NULL
736	 Take the keyboard away from her!	NULL
737	 Apparently Brian does.	NULL
738	 Give them to Brian. He doesn't have a lot of work.	NULL
739	  Yeah, it's all Brian. I sent that email out this morning. I don't know if you looked at it yet. You know that issue where I said it was weird on those ZFR's? There were two audit trail records that flipped it back. It's also doing it when they manually edit stuff on the edit assets screen.	NULL
740	 Maybe I should have  these after all.	NULL
741	 That's a problem, because they're editing it, and they're changing values, and then we're going, "Nope!" And putting them right back.	F
741	 That's a problem, because they're editing it, and they're changing values, and then we're going, "Nope!" And putting them right back.	A
742	 That, to me, is a show-stopper type of an issue, even though the value is not horribly, horribly important. It's like parent amount position and parent  . Is this reverting back to amount position in a  in another location? And there was something else.	F
743	 Can I get rid of  ? So, I don't know. How do you all want to handle the things that are out there now that really need to be fixed? Because they don't have workarounds for them.	NULL
744	 Fix them?	NULL
745	 Who's going to do the fixing and not do their one  stuff, is my question?	NULL
746	  .	NULL
747	  your desktop.	NULL
748	 I didn't do anything on my desktop.	NULL
749	 ...your desktop. Internet Explorer...	NULL
750	 Tuesday. It does its normal reboot during the week. Is it Wednesday morning you come in  ?	NULL
751	 Call  . That's what I do.	NULL
752	 I don't need to go to TBS now, I'm just going to go and pull up those emails that have those issues that we need to decide.	NULL
753	 Mailed all those  .com.	NULL
754	 Only three minutes, it's not worth it  .	NULL
755	 Do you have the master  for Frontier on the share site?	NULL
756	 It's not on the share site, right now, because I've been trying to get it updated, so, it's just on our local machine. I'll copy it out there and tell you where it is. I'm going to send it out when I get through it, if I can ever flipping get through with it, if they will quit sending emails.	NULL
757	 Actually, I'm cutting it off at this morning and trying to get the rest of them in there.	NULL
758	 Didn't you say  add it, it's 82, it's 85?	NULL
759	 Yep.  What can I say?	NULL
760	 My God.	NULL
761	 Frontier would like that list too, but I'm like, being selfish and holding it all to myself.	NULL
762	 What is the saying? People don't know what's going on, they freak out. People know that they're going to die at a certain time they're OK.	NULL
763	 Right! What is that phrase?	NULL
764	 I know all kind of phrases. I think you just made that up.	NULL
765	 You've never heard that phrase?	NULL
766	 No.	NULL
767	 That's true, I mean it's like the chaos. If people don't understand that there's chaos, they freak out. If people understand that it's chaos, and it's organized chaos, they're OK with it.	NULL
768	 I believe that.	NULL
769	 Are you saying me sending out the list is that we make it organized chaos?	NULL
770	 That's perfect. I know my issue has been recognized.	NULL
771	 Well, that's what I was trying to give them. It's like, I'm not ignoring these. I've got them on the list. Some of them I've got on the list because we still need to research them, because I don't know if they're an issue or not, or it's just something that they did wrong, then I need to tell them here's the correct way to do that.	NULL
772	 I dare you one day to just kind of add a fourth digit to it.	NULL
773	 1268  .	NULL
774	  frame.	NULL
775	 I was going to say like a million  73 years old.	NULL
776	 Even worse, really high. See if anybody notices. I might do that, now that you said that  . Whenever I get to the 90s, instead of it being issue number 90 it will be like 92.  Or something.	NULL
777	 700.	NULL
778	 Just start going backwards. This is issue number two on the list or make it three.	NULL
779	 In one of them I sent out, I don't remember if I left it or not, but I had put on there, that the issue number does not indicate priority,  because it doesn't. When I say it's issue number 88, that doesn't mean anything except that I have it on this list.	NULL
780	 When  will see that list to Jim and he'll go, "Um, well, uh,  90 or?"	NULL
781	 Welcome to the dark side, Kevin. Hold on, Jim's calling into the meeting here.	NULL
782	 I'm going to hang up on you and call in to the call.	NULL
783	 OK, be nice to Jim.	NULL
784	 He's throwing me under the bus now.	NULL
785	 You too.	NULL
786	 Bye.	NULL
787	 Bye.	NULL
788	 The three of us we're over to where we were.	NULL
789	 I don't have any, Grady.	NULL
790	 I wouldn't let you back, I'd  if you did.	NULL
791	 It's been too hot today for a sweater. Hi, who's on the call?	NULL
792	 Jim's on.	NULL
793	 Kathy Deacon.	NULL
794	 Cindy  .	NULL
795	 Do we have anything?	NULL
796	 Just a quick update on...	NULL
797	 Hi, who just joined?	NULL
798	 It's Kevin.	NULL
801	 Some of that may be fallout, some of it may not. I've spot-checked several other and they weren't fallout so far, so there's this new  to us. We need to figure out where that equipment's coming from or that  , may just be something we didn't have previously.	NULL
802	 It was not fallout, and it was not in the CL model. I know I spot-checked one yesterday. It was truly a  that we didn't receive from you all to import, and it didn't fallout, because we never received it. I don't know if they're all bad, but...	NULL
804	 They've replaced them with the new FTR one. I don't know if that's it. It's happened before, that they hire somebody new, they don't have the  receive  .	NULL
805	 Most of them are FTR-type hands	NULL
806	 That might be one reason, but we'll give you the official answer after we check.	NULL
807	 So far we've received about 203 Received Equipment and 60 of them fell out with Did Not  at this point.	NULL
808	 That was the only update we had for you all this morning. Do you all have anything for us?	NULL
809	 We're working on...Last night we were talking about the ship via CLLI codes, that starts with SA-type T  , the dimension was 500 some.	NULL
810	 We're working,  to see what would be a report that would be good for us to go through. We'll get that figured. Kim wanted to talk about those fallouts, try to do it as a group, so we're not having any conflicts. We can work definitely on that. I don't have anything else.	A
810	 We're working,  to see what would be a report that would be good for us to go through. We'll get that figured. Kim wanted to talk about those fallouts, try to do it as a group, so we're not having any conflicts. We can work definitely on that. I don't have anything else.	F
811	 Anybody else have anything?	NULL
812	 Susan, I sent you an email and got you  call.	NULL
813	 I probably haven't seen it. I have problems logging into my computer from the conference room this morning. If you sent it in the last 30 minutes, then I haven't seen it yet.	NULL
814	 I've got it, DJ. We don't have anything else, so wait for the other caller to go over it now.	NULL
815	 Is Drake with us?	NULL
816	 Are you asking if Drake is here? Yes, he's here.	NULL
817	 OK. We wanted to talk about two changes that were made to CTDI interface.	NULL
818	 Do we need to be here?	NULL
819	 You don't have to stay.	NULL
820	 We had some questions. We're trying to understand...Let me just pull it up.	NULL
821	 Can you see if Daryl is available?	NULL
823	 Yep.	NULL
825	 Yes.	NULL
826	 Correct? OK. The first one...I took notes, plus I double-checked the CTDI. We were under the impression, for those MRs, the finance issues and whatever the MR, that those could be worked through the existing code of send and receive. I was a little confused why that would be outside the scope.	NULL
828	 We hadn't decided. It could either be a service or a file, depending upon the size of that file, how much data...	NULL
829	 Were you sending it to them, or they were sending it to you?	NULL
830	 No, we were creating, depending on which way we were doing it. If we create a service, they would pull it whenever they wanted. If it was an FTP, then we would send it to them or put it on the FTP site, daily or however often it was run.	NULL
831	 To tackle the first one, first. You're saying that Mike suggested to use existing interfaces, is not appropriate or what...	NULL
832	 The existing interface doesn't change part numbers now. We would either have to change the existing interface to make it change part numbers -- which is not what the interface is designed for -- or we create a new interface to allow them to change part numbers. That's all they're doing with it.	NULL
833	 Either way, it'll be a change for us. It is not like we could just allow them to send it to the existing interface and it'll change the part with what they want.	NULL
834	 Wasn't that a two part thing? One with...	NULL
835	 Yeah, part or a serial number. VIN number.	NULL
836	 OK, but short of changing the part number, I thought the MR, the old part number would go out and the new one would come in.	NULL
837	 Yeah, that's...	NULL
838	 Would that really...?	NULL
839	 We seem to have one that's still bringing back in...	NULL
840	 We're just trying to make sure, before we accept the digital feed that.	NULL
841	 We still wouldn't change that.	NULL
842	 We might need an expert. We're a little confused.	NULL
843	 Their proposal was to send it out as one part number and then we would send another message, have it coming back in as a different part number. Still, the code doesn't change the part number when it comes in, it  that VIN and moves that VIN where it needs to be. It doesn't change the base equipment on that, that VIN.	F
844	  It wouldn't be treated like take the old one out and replace it with the new one?	NULL
845	 No. Basically it would  no change, the way they're saying to do it now. So like I said, it's either change that interface, or create a new interface.	NULL
846	 A new interface is safer. It's a safer way to do it.	NULL
847	 Yeah, because I don't think you want to change the part every time you get something in, because we wouldn't have any idea whether this was a part change or it's just receiving something in.	NULL
848	 I've got to see. Mike was thinking that those would be treated as two separate records. I hear what you're saying. We have a whole record leaving and a whole record coming in. To me, it would be changing the VIN.	NULL
849	 But you have to find it.	NULL
850	 	NULL
851	 The other one,  would it be something we could do? Just run a query and let them pick it up? Isn't that all you're doing?	NULL
852	 Yeah.	NULL
853	 Have your part number and quantity. I just don't know why that would be such a significant code issue.	NULL
854	 We said it was three points.	NULL
855	 The whole thing?	NULL
856	 No. Three points for each of them. Don't look at me like that. I didn't make the query.	NULL
857	 I didn't make it either. I didn't make the query.	NULL
858	  until now.	NULL
859	 You can write, if you want to. Have Kim or Edward or someone write that query to do it, that's possible. Otherwise, like I said we create another service  or just sent it through with ITP.	NULL
860	 DJ, do we have enough for now? I guess I don't...	NULL
861	 Because we're not just pulling a query...	NULL
862	 ...with what we do.	NULL
863	 On the second one, I think we talked about, you wouldn't want an audited adjustment anyway, right?	NULL
864	 Jim. Right.	NULL
865	 We want  .	NULL
866	 But second, yes, there is a discrepancy. We were going to keep that manual anyway, correct? I think even Mike agreed.	NULL
867	 That's our understanding right now, is that it would just be a...It's just a way of being right and doing corrections at this point. That would be manual.	NULL
868	 All right. I guess, DJ, we have enough to review our options and get back with them.	NULL
869	 So, just out of curiosity, Adam and Drake. Why was this outside the scope of the interface? We just didn't clarify it up front?	NULL
870	 It was never asked for up front.	NULL
871	 First time we heard of it was last week.	NULL
872	 Last week was the first we heard of it. We never anticipated it or coded for it.	NULL
873	 In snapshot? It's not a bad idea. It's a good idea. It's just that like I said, we did not anticipate it.	NULL
874	 All of this stuff takes time, and time is running short. We'd anticipated this much work to do, and then we get six more days worth of work tacked on to it, and we have to be done by next Friday.	NULL
875	 I got it.	NULL
876	 So,  we will discuss it and let him know.	NULL
877	 OK, thanks. We'll talk to you guys later.	NULL
878	 Bye.	NULL
879	 Bye.	NULL
880	 Exactly.	NULL
881	 It was 60 degrees in July.	NULL
882	 30 percent humidity.	NULL
883	 If the humidity wasn't so high, it wouldn't be as bad. I don't think so.	NULL
884	 We'll go ahead and get started. If  calls, he'd probably call me through the other terminal.	NULL
885	 Have you done any testing with CTDI yet, right? Are you all ready to test with CTDI? He's trying. He's calling again. I'm going to try this another way, Brian.	NULL
886	 OK.	NULL
887	 It keeps going back to you. Hold on. Hello?	NULL
888	 Hello. I thought you all died or something.	NULL
889	 No, now we're going to try...We didn't quite die. Now we're going to try...	NULL
890	 Nuclear bomb.	NULL
891	 So, Brian's on hold and I had  . If I hit conference now, and then go to Brian's, do you think it will work?	NULL
892	 Probably, it won't.	NULL
893	 We'll try it and see.	NULL
894	 You get them both on, we're going to have to call in to the other.	NULL
895	 Nah. That doesn't work. Let me try something else.	NULL
896	 OK.	NULL
897	 Wait, it keeps taking me back to you. Hold on.	NULL
898	 Do you see a "Join" button on there?	NULL
899	 I did. Let me go back.	NULL
900	 Did you hang up on Brian?	NULL
901	 No, I have Brian. Brian can you hear me?	NULL
902	 You still have me. I didn't hang up yet.	NULL
903	 OK. We still have  on hold. Hold on a second.	NULL
904	 Just in time for  .	NULL
905	 OK, who do I have on the call?	NULL
906	 You have Brian.	NULL
907	 Yay! It worked.	NULL
908	 Now, remember how you did it next time.	NULL
909	 Good luck with that.	NULL
910	 I'll have to hang up to call the other people, then.	NULL
911	 We have five minutes. We can do this in five minutes.	NULL
912	 I'm good. I'm doing clean up on back-taxes I have, here. I'm good.	NULL
913	 Which one?	NULL
914	 Don't know, the  . I'm just doing a mix...Bulk coding complete. I'm just doing.	NULL
915	 This one?	NULL
916	 Yeah.	NULL
917	 OK. You didn't finish it Friday? You didn't find your two hours?	NULL
918	 Couldn't find my two...Well, I got everything, the bulk of it done. I've got to make sure everything still works like it's supposed to.	NULL
919	 Once you're done with that, are you done with your stories, except for the testing?	NULL
920	 I think so.	NULL
921	 That's encouraging. Grady, you're done with all of your stories, right?	NULL
922	 When you want another one, we'll build.	NULL
923	 Whenever he gets done with this stuff. Drake?   . Working on the warehouse interface for non-serialized assets?	NULL
924	 Yes.	NULL
925	 That has to be done before you all can do testing with CTDI.	NULL
926	 Sure enough.	NULL
927	 When's that going to be done?	NULL
928	 Late Friday afternoon.	NULL
929	 Late Friday afternoon. Not awesome.	NULL
930	 In theory I could finish that today.	NULL
931	 That'd be good, because that's really the only thing that's holding up testing with CTDI. And we'll have a call with them tomorrow, at which time, hopefully we'll say we're ready to do testing, because seriously, I don't want to be doing testing next week when you all aren't here.	NULL
932	 It still needs work, though. It's going to work, though.	NULL
933	  Sure. Like the last interface worked.	NULL
934	 It did! It worked.	NULL
935	 Eventually. I mean, your stuff worked to begin with, and then...	NULL
936	 How's your stuff coming, Patrick?	NULL
937	 It's coming along. I got the second page, there. I'm getting all the old icons put on there, and after that is multi head, so, it's coming. It's got  , I think.	NULL
938	 Awesome.	NULL
939	 Brian, I don't have your name on here, so you never added any tasks for yours?	NULL
940	 No.	NULL
941	 He just didn't have anything to do.	NULL
942	 How's your stuff coming? I know there's been several emails going back and forth.	NULL
943	 Still got about 200 locations, so there's only one  . We still have  from the previous two versions released, to do some debugging and . It's not all of their pseudos ship-to codes.  pseudos.	NULL
944	 He did say that.	NULL
945	 So, I'm trying to work it out.	NULL
946	 Oh, and just let them go through without an address?	NULL
947	 Yeah. Exactly.	NULL
948	 For the pseudos.	NULL
949	  pseudo code.	NULL
950	 There's about 20,000 assets that reference locations...Well, no, actually, there's about 20,000 locations referenced by assets that don't exist in every location.  , so it's interesting. But anyway, so, we're working on locations.	NULL
951	 OK. We're going to have to hang up in a minute, but I do want to bring up...Who's doing the parts that aren't conversion for  ?	NULL
952	 We haven't worked at our conversions.	NULL
953	 Why? Are you restoring the database backup there, Brian, once you've done your stuff?	NULL
954	 I guess I can. We don't have to talk about that now, though.	NULL
955	 We don't. We've got to get off this call. My only concern is, Grady's on vacation next week and we're supposed to be doing this next Sunday, which, by the way, you and I need to get together and give them some kind of a, "Yeah, you're going to be able to start work on Tuesday at name and date."	NULL
956	 So, that's not this Sunday, but next Sunday.	NULL
957	 That's correct. A week from Sunday, but because Grady's not going to be here next week, that's what made me think about...We've got to get all our ducks in a row so we know who's doing what, and who's needs to be available on that Sunday. Or if anybody needs to be available on Sunday. They might be able to come in Monday morning and do stuff. All right. It's 9:30. We'll hang up on you guys and call them.	NULL
958	 All right.	NULL
959	 Thanks, bye.	NULL
960	 Please enter your PIN.	NULL
961	 Hi. Who's on the call?	NULL
962	 Jim's on.	NULL
963	 Hey Jim.	NULL
964	  here.	NULL
965	 Hi,  .	NULL
966	 DJ's on.	NULL
967	 Hey DJ.	NULL
968	 Do you know  ?	NULL
969	 Hi. Who just joined?	NULL
970	 This is Brian.	NULL
971	 Hey Brian.	NULL
972	 Kevin.	NULL
973	 Kevin.	NULL
974	 I don't have anything on my list for Frontier this morning. Brian, did you have anything that we needed to ask them on this call, or do we need another call to talk about conversion?	NULL
975	 This might be a two-minute question, so I think there was about, let me look real quick, it will take me a few seconds to get it up. I may need a couple more seconds.	NULL
977	 Kevin. As we got back to the source, I guess I don't remember a pseudo ever being used. Do you?  make the request. I guess I'm leaning towards the...	NULL
978	 I'm shipping to a pseudo?	NULL
979	 Is that what Brian was talking about? The via  location.	NULL
980	 Yeah. I'm not aware of shipping to a pseudo, so I can treat those similarly to the way that we're treating the ones that we know how to ship to, information, but we don't have it, and I can put ship unknown on the via location.	NULL
981	 That way somebody can go in there and prioritize whether or not  to that direct location or somewhere else.	NULL
982	 If that's OK with you guys  , so I need to send that out to the group, so it's going to be shipped unknown all together...	NULL
983	 I owe you guys an email explaining that, so I'll send that to you, and you can  to whoever you need to. I'll explain the pseudo exchange  to  . OK? .	F
984	 I don't think we had anything else for you all this morning. Do you all have anything for us that we need to discuss?	NULL
985	 Brian, I've got here, I think he deciphered these Verizon three warehouses, but I'll double check and  arrange to send something. I know they went back and forth a few times. It would be the  as far as what they're taking in to the setting, so I'll get back with you on that.	NULL
986	 One urgent thing we have is Brenda's  back in my group. I don't know if Adam's on.	NULL
987	 We can't make them send...	NULL
990	 So you're saying that you've received new equipment  by looking at the wires? By wired information? But you haven't seen any of that evidence in LCAM, is that right?	A
990	 So you're saying that you've received new equipment  by looking at the wires? By wired information? But you haven't seen any of that evidence in LCAM, is that right?	F
991	 Correct.  .	NULL
992	 It's still the same situation I reported last time. At this point, I haven't received any interface messages that indicate new equipment. I sent that message to Ron to get an update on when we would be receiving those, but I haven't received any contact back regarding new equipment.	NULL
993	 I'm going to check with them and see if that's something we're missing here. Because it's new, it's coming direct from the vendor, they would place the unique bar code  they had it in, so I would assume  pulled it out of...	NULL
994	 He'll pull it out wired, and we'll see how he does this. Check with the original PO to make sure they're all received, which normally isn't...We'll check on it.	NULL
995	 You'll let us know what Ron says?	NULL
996	 Yeah.	NULL
997	 Thanks.	NULL
998	 That's all I had.  , go ahead.	NULL
999	 The only thing I had, I asked Drake for some of that information about moving databases. I'll take a look at that later today, and let you know if it works.	NULL
1000	 Nobody else had anything?	NULL
1001	 All Right. Thanks everybody. We'll talk to you guys later.	NULL
1002	  .	NULL
1003	 I thought Ron said he was going to call back  .	NULL
1004	  .	NULL
1005	 Everything...	NULL
1006	 We do have a meeting with John about it. Really nothing, just get over there and...	NULL
1007	 What they made John the offers to give...heads up?	NULL
1008	 Much bigger issues regarding Windows 10, the hardware aspects of this. What kind of hardware we'll keep it on, Support, or  for support, all that logistics part of it. 	NULL
1009	 Software side, Michael said he's got some kinks he's got to work on the entire map server stuff. Do some research for Windows 10, see if all hope is lost. We're fixing an issue that's not even compatible on this version, so that's very frustrating. 	NULL
1010	 That's pretty much it. I will talk to Michael a little bit later to see...he's researching a program to replace IIS.  It's really fun. As soon as he lets me know...I'm just really curious if it's going to work on your computer or not.	NULL
1011	 OK, since...	NULL
1012	 	NULL
1013	 It was an expensive trip.	NULL
1014	 	NULL
1015	  I'm sure he said that about me, because I have three cars,  and there's only two of us living at home, so I don't care. 	NULL
1016	 But they're all, I mean your Acura...	NULL
1017	 A banker sold it finally. That was when we had four.	NULL
1018	 That was when you had four?	NULL
1019	 Counting Bobby's work car, five.  I'm not counting his when I say we have three. We have four.	NULL
1020	 So you're the reason why there's global warming. I see how it is.	NULL
1021	 I only drive like ten miles a day.	NULL
1022	 Well, she doesn't drive them all all at once. 	NULL
1023	 Hello.	NULL
1024	 Hello	NULL
1025	 That is a loud  .	NULL
1026	  Hang on, I've got to go put you on mute for a minute.	NULL
1027	 OK.	NULL
1028	 That is a loud phone.	NULL
1029	 What? I'm deaf now. I can't hear anything.	NULL
1030	 	NULL
1031	 He must have a desk phone and a cell phone.	NULL
1032	 I'm sorry.	NULL
1033	 That's OK.	NULL
1034	 Did you  on my ticket?	NULL
1035	 	NULL
1036	 So testing with CT  . I know you did that yesterday. We haven't heard anything back from them.	NULL
1037	 They sent out an email late yesterday, and I checked on them...	NULL
1038	 We haven't heard anything since you checked.	NULL
1039	 Not since my reply to that, no.	NULL
1040	 Actually,  . So, this report?	NULL
1041	 Oh, there's the mouse cursor.  the mouse cursor. I think I'm close to getting it fixed. I should finish it today. Null and blank  have been my enemy.	A
1041	 Oh, there's the mouse cursor.  the mouse cursor. I think I'm close to getting it fixed. I should finish it today. Null and blank  have been my enemy.	F
1042	 Everybody's enemy  sequel.	NULL
1043	 	NULL
1046	 Do we have anything for them other than...	NULL
1047	 Help.	NULL
1048	 Can we  finalized spreadsheet of users so we can go ahead and import them?	NULL
1049	 Yeah.	NULL
1050	 If somebody wants to do that for me, that would help me out.	NULL
1051	  That won't be me, so he's asking the two of y'all if y'all have time to import users into  .	NULL
1052	 OK, send it normally. 	NULL
1053	 Beat you to it.	NULL
1054	 Rock, paper, scissors?	NULL
1055	 A warehouse full of hungry children to feed come Monday, so...	NULL
1056	 What's going on with DC three?	NULL
1057	 Barry is sending four people to Conyers, Georgia to inventory a warehouse full of test equipment.	NULL
1058	 They're going to put acid tags on all of them, one location they have a list of what they think is in there. The other location they don't have anything. In the process of taking a copy of a wireless code, Carol's project, stripping out all the weird accounting stuff they have in there, and they're going to use that as a code base  .	NULL
1059	 	NULL
1060	 I've got some ideas, but I want to run it past you three real quick.	NULL
1061	 All right.	NULL
1062	 Sorry.	NULL
1063	 We have fan mail that we need to go over. I have not created iterations for this release, so this is...Contact switch  .	NULL
1064	 We're going to take a deep breath. We're going to  now.	NULL
1065	  , bring that around.	NULL
1066	 Nobody has added any tasks, like I asked you to, right  ?	NULL
1067	 Been busy with the other context, Frontier.	NULL
1068	 Yes, as we all are. All right, so we said this would be...	NULL
1070	 At least four  . I haven't had a chance to read it in its entirety, so, a little bit  .	NULL
1071	 Took you about five days, max.	NULL
1072	 An hour?	NULL
1073	 Yeah.	NULL
1074	 I thought I hit tab, but apparently, I didn't.	NULL
1075	 Is that  somewhere?	NULL
1076	 Yeah.	NULL
1077	 So, testing it is what's going to take a minute, right? Because it's the...	NULL
1078	  hour.	NULL
1079	 The invoice  . This is a pre-defined query.	NULL
1080	 It's not a repair PO.  we not  POs.  .	NULL
1081	 things   .	NULL
1082	  will take the longest, say, one hour. Half hour, rather.	NULL
1083	 You all do stuff in half hour increments? I don't remember seeing that.	NULL
1084	 I've been doing it so much lately that I gave Jesse the SQL to do it with.	NULL
1085	 I was about to say, I'm sure she already had the SQL.	NULL
1086	 Yeah. I've had  .  the screen.	NULL
1087	 Yeah, he's like our build manager or whatever.	NULL
1088	 What's the guy's name, at Frontier?	NULL
1089	 Regna. R-E-G-N-A.	NULL
1090	  Oh, OK.	NULL
1091	 Regna?	NULL
1092	 It's spelled R-E-G-N-A, but they say it like Renga, is how he pronounces it, but it's spelled R-E-G-N-A, so I don't know where it's from, to be pronounced that way. I don't know now.	NULL
1093	 I don't know what it takes, if it's just on the screen, or if you have to do other stuff.	NULL
1094	 I think Grady just does  . Trigger  all those  procedures out of the way. You've got  level, you've got...What is that? Table? I forgot the name of that table. Let's just say two hours. What do you think,  ?	NULL
1095	  three hours.	NULL
1096	 Three. I'm thinking optimistically.	NULL
1097	  .	NULL
1098	 He's saying three, I'm thinking two. I'm trying to be very optimistic.	NULL
1100	 you call   .	NULL
1101	 Allowing them to search by receive dates. I think receive date is already displaying on the screen. We just don't allow them to search by it. I'm not sure if you need to bring it up. Because I don't know if anybody  or not.	A
1101	 Allowing them to search by receive dates. I think receive date is already displaying on the screen. We just don't allow them to search by it. I'm not sure if you need to bring it up. Because I don't know if anybody  or not.	F
1102	 Can we search by create date?	NULL
1103	 You can search by all kinds of stuff, so search...	NULL
1104	 It's a bunch of stuff.  .	NULL
1105	 There's start and end date. You start  .	NULL
1106	 I do a  control   if...	NULL
1107	 Yes,  than that.	NULL
1108	 Right.	NULL
1109	 That was cable putting it in there.  we tell them what we want.	NULL
1110	 ...that one started  four.	NULL
1111	 conditional  procedure on the  prepared   .	NULL
1112	 You want to be able...	NULL
1113	 Yeah. So, just here it needs to be.	NULL
1114	 So it's adding a column on it.	NULL
1115	 He's talk about this. So, that's adding the column I asked you for.	NULL
1116	 I got a chance to  procedure, change the grid, pull the code behind the scenes maybe add, what is it? Create date? Receive date. Add receive date to procedure results. It's like there's going to be two tabs. I did one tab...	NULL
1117	 One for the grid.	NULL
1118	 So the grid is.	NULL
1119	 That's it. That won't take long. Probably about, I'll say one hour. It's not going to be that hard, really, once I get the stored procedure done.	NULL
1120	  another task.	NULL
1121	 Yeah, the other task would...To procedure results set.	NULL
1122	 	NULL
1123	 And then  procedure.	NULL
1124	 And you can update these.	NULL
1125	 Yeah, I was about to say...	NULL
1126	 Estimate for those?	NULL
1127	 Go with one hour.	NULL
1128	 You're good?	NULL
1129	 Yeah. That'll be the easy one.	NULL
1130	 All right.	NULL
1131	 sort   .	NULL
1132	 If we go and look at  that.	NULL
1134	 No, it's here.  .	NULL
1135	 	NULL
1136	 So right now, see  group is not on here, so that's what you're doing. You're adding  group, and it'll still have all the same information. It'll still have each of the  listed out under it.	F
1137	 Another column.	NULL
1138	 Well, it's however you want to do it. They would like it with  order, so yeah, you can do it as just another column on the report, as long as  would be duplicated. And that's kind of how it sounds like they want it, as opposed to having it as a header child grid, because then they can look at everything.	A
1138	 Well, it's however you want to do it. They would like it with  order, so yeah, you can do it as just another column on the report, as long as  would be duplicated. And that's kind of how it sounds like they want it, as opposed to having it as a header child grid, because then they can look at everything.	F
1139	  database....	NULL
1140	 Stored proc.	NULL
1141	 I would say stored proc  may be returned already, I don't know.  , I'm not familiar with that procedure, so it may be returned.	NULL
1142	 For them.	NULL
1143	 OK.  one hour, at most.	NULL
1144	 Hello?	NULL
1145	 That's  test.  code  . I finally say  , and it's only a one day story, so.	NULL
1146	 page break  	NULL
1147	 If you want to make it...I don't care.	NULL
1148	 Just say one. I'll review it before I start anything, and let you know.	NULL
1149	 There are three that are related. There's this one, there's this one, and there's this one, and they're all related. Right now, if I go to...	NULL
1150	 That's outside.	NULL
1151	  out.	NULL
1152	  search...	NULL
1153	  has to say.	NULL
1154	 Do a search these, and I'll select some, and I'd better  hardware. So, that's the first thing that you're changing. You're going to allow them to change the frame for bugs. So, that's one of these, and then once you do that...	NULL
1155	  .	NULL
1156	 Change the  , pull it  .	NULL
1157	 That's one of them. Then, the other thing is, if you do this and you do print update...So, when you do this...No, it's not print update, is it? Try and update...	NULL
1158	 You have to go back.	NULL
1159	 So, the other thing is, when you do a journal change for hardwire, you have to enter an estimate. If you do a journal change and it's non-hardwire, you don't have to enter an estimate.	NULL
1160	 So, it shows up here, but it's not required, but that's what you're going to do, is either make it required or default it for the  records.	NULL
1161	 The other change is to allow them to make, let me see, what does it say? On here, they search for assets, and then they're going to change a whole group of hardwire and plugin records at the same time. Right now they can't do that, so that's the first change you're making. That's the story.	F
1162	 Change the framework plugs.	NULL
1163	 The other thing that they're doing is change multiple frame ID's and put a  in them, so this is the one...Search assets and then just pick a frame...	F
1164	 So, it's different CLLIs. So, if I say I want to do these different CLLIs and I want to update the frame, because you can't. So, this story is to not throw that error message, so that they can update frames across CLLIs.	F
1165	 frame  to do   customers.	NULL
1167	 The change here is to put estimate on here. So, the story is...Why does it say  ?	NULL
1168	 So, what they do today, the reason they want this, is they go in and they select plugs and hardwire combined, and they retire them. When they retire them, they go over to  , and when they go to  , they have to have an estimate on them.	A
1170	 Estimate?	NULL
1171	 I mean for the estimate. It's defaulting it to something. But for hardwire, it requires them to enter one, so the change is to put it on here, and if they enter one, use the one they enter. If they don't enter one, still use the default, like it's doing today.	NULL
1172	 But that would only apply to hardwire.	NULL
1173	 No, plugs. This only applies to plugs. If I went back and do a hardwire, then it'll have estimate through here.	NULL
1174	 If you've got a group of hardwire and plugs, you've got to require the estimate  . If you only had plugs, your estimate is not required, and you use the default.	NULL
1175	 ...but what if they choose...	NULL
1176	 So here's the hardwire. Here is what it looks for hardwire. So, you're going to make the same, regardless of whether it's hardwire or plug. It's always going to have this up here.	NULL
1177	 When you were selecting the assets, did you choose just hardwire?	NULL
1178	 That time I did.	NULL
1179	 But you could choose hardwire and plug.	NULL
1180	 The previous time I only picked plugs. That's why I didn't show the estimate.	NULL
1181	 But it could have chose hardwire and plug, right?	NULL
1182	 That's what they want to do.	NULL
1183	 I'm thinking that scenario. That choose hardwire and plug. I'll put the estimate field up here, which, we want that now...	NULL
1184	 They have to have it for hardwire.	NULL
1185	 They have to have it for hardwire, but they don't need it for plugs, so if they put a value in here that's only applicable for hardwire...	NULL
1186	 No.	NULL
1187	 No.	NULL
1188	 Oh, it applies to plugs too.	NULL
1189	 Yes. What you're doing is, you're changing it so that when they select, regardless, you're going to have estimate show up here.	NULL
1190	 Whatever they...	NULL
1191	 If everything in their result set is plugs, and they don't enter an estimate in it, and they hit save...	NULL
1192	 It goes to default.	NULL
1193	 You're going to go with the default. If they've entered any hardwire in their result set, you're going to force them to put an estimate. Then, you're going to use that estimate for everything in that result set when you retire it.	NULL
1194	 That'd be all hardwire, or hardwire and plug?	NULL
1195	 That's right. You're not going to require it for plugs if it's only plugs, which you would still  .	NULL
1196	 That's why I'm trying to...	NULL
1197	 You think you're clear upon that now?  The reason I'm showing them all, because they're all interrelated. They're all...	NULL
1198	 It's like you've got to get past this one, to get past that one, to get this one.	NULL
1199	 Yeah.  every  When it's only in the frame it's an estimate.	NULL
1200	  .	NULL
1201	 Well...	NULL
1202	 OK, well. Estimate.	NULL
1203	 . What do you think,   ?	NULL
1204	 This one's three days. That's what we estimated, this specific one.	NULL
1205	 I think...	NULL
1206	 Sure this is your work  ?	NULL
1207	 for the day. Hardwire screen has  this is not need to have a frame if it's plugged  these guys, possibly   . Crap. This is a different one.	NULL
1208	 Let's try it again.	NULL
1209	  .	NULL
1210	 I'm confused a little bit.	NULL
1211	 I can't imagine when. This one is, they're reverse retiring.  . They're writing assets into the 1220 account. That's why it's this many days. Today, if they go...That actually   , can they do this? Search in assets and reverse retirement of 1220.	NULL
1212	 Go back to the story.	NULL
1213	 Today they reverse retire and then transfer to 1220. Step one is reverse retiring and transfer to 1220. Then, step two is updating the frame.	NULL
1214	 On this screen for reverse retire, this what we want.	NULL
1215	 So I can search assets that are retired and reverse retire some.	NULL
1216	 Does it matter which ones?	NULL
1217	 Start with a plug. Start with a plug and try a frame.	NULL
1218	 It's all the way out here.	NULL
1219	 Why?  some of these are probably  .	NULL
1220	 Or CPR has a  .	NULL
1221	 I hate that. I want to reverse retire. Really?	NULL
1222	 Yeah. You can't retire one  . That's why I've always been  .	NULL
1223	 retirement   .	NULL
1224	 Shouldn't be. Have you searched for...?	NULL
1225	 I searched for retire.	NULL
1226	 Did a look up on the CLLI.	NULL
1227	 On what CLLI  ?	NULL
1228	 Search.	NULL
1229	 Back here, when I had retire up there  .  . Those are both plugs. Reverse retire, and instead of in-service they're reverse retiring the inventory  .	NULL
1230	  .	NULL
1231	 Right here. We'll put a frame on here.	NULL
1232	 Is inventory  you use?	NULL
1233	 That's what they're doing, but...	NULL
1234	 Would it be a  , either case?	NULL
1235	 You're going to have it up there for either case.	NULL
1236	 What they're literally doing is this. That's how I'll test it.	NULL
1237	 Search for hardwire, its retiring place.	NULL
1238	 Put the CPR in.	NULL
1239	  ?	NULL
1240	 Yeah.	NULL
1241	  . Then reverse retire this one.	NULL
1242	  .	NULL
1243	 Hardwire only.	NULL
1244	 No, these are showing you,  , because it's going to be the same thing as what...	NULL
1245	 It doesn't show a plug, it messes with your hardwire.	NULL
1246	 When it's retired in place you have these options, to change, and the location...	NULL
1247	 You can make an inventory of  and put in your estimate, and then put it in a frame.	NULL
1248	 That's what frames are. You're on that string, it's just not visible for plugs.	NULL
1249	 Would you make everything the same, make it work the same for plugs and for hardwire?	NULL
1250	 Except...	NULL
1251	 There a danger in doing that?	NULL
1252	 Would they need the information for plugs?	NULL
1253	 I would prefer it to be consistent if we can make it consistent. It makes it easier, whether they use it or not, as long as it does work if they do choose to use it. It isn't required if they don't choose to use  it. If I try to save this now, it's going to tell me something, estimate is required or something.	NULL
1254	 Sure, no problem.  .	NULL
1255	 Right now, none of these are required. Even if he made this the same screen for plugs...I didn't try and save all four. We could try and save, but it's probably the same thing. They probably require...Note was there, it was status and note, that was all that was showing up.	NULL
1256	 I don't know if they want the ability to reverse retire and transfer plugs.	NULL
1257	 They do, because that's what they said.	NULL
1258	 Then, if that's the case...	NULL
1259	 ...it's a two-step where they're transferring, reverse retiring them and transferring them, and then they have to go in that big screen. They want it to be a one-step where they can update the frame.	NULL
1260	 They hardwire this...	NULL
1261	 ...but the plug is not...?	NULL
1262	 Yeah. Today, for hardwire the screen has frame, but for plugs it does not.	NULL
1263	 Got you.	NULL
1264	 That's what I'm saying. We should make it exactly the same, unless it's going to break something down the road in LCAM.	NULL
1265	 I may need some stuff,  the changes that you have to make.	NULL
1266	 We estimated at three days. Part of that being because even though we don't have to change Dopak for this we have to test Dopak to make sure it didn't break. This change would write a Dopak record. It shouldn't affect Dopak records. Look at you.	NULL
1267	 That's OK, you've got Dopak as your story  .	NULL
1268	  any specific code for it?	NULL
1269	 You probably...	NULL
1270	 ...transfer?	NULL
1271	 Yeah, you probably want a note to check the Dopak code for this. If nothing else to, during your test, to verify that Dopak is working as expected. If you need help with that, let me know. I'll sit down and we'll create some scenarios where I know what the Dopak  records should be, and we can make sure that they are that.	NULL
1272	 I'll have to do that anyway.	NULL
1273	 Whoa  .	NULL
1274	 I have to do that anyway, for my tests.	NULL
1275	  .	NULL
1276	 That's this three-day story.	NULL
1277	 It's week three now.	NULL
1278	 I know, but what are your tasks  ? Do you want me to make one, and you can go off and research this?	NULL
1279	 Probably have to, because I don't know if it's...Quite sure it's going to be UI, but  . I don't know if anything about  database will be required.	NULL
1280	 I'll put that  on there for now. Then...	NULL
1281	 Put three, and I'll divvy it up after I get another task. This is a three-day, right?	NULL
1282	 Yeah.	NULL
1283	 Do that, and if I have to bring another check I'll divvy...	NULL
1284	  .	NULL
1285	 18.	NULL
1286	 18,  .	NULL
1287	 I'm doing it  . It should be...	NULL
1288	 Hours.	NULL
1289	 Development hours, which aren't full days. That's at least got a task on there...	NULL
1290	 For that end, and the other one's...	NULL
1291	  . This is the one I showed you.	NULL
1292	 You already went over that.	NULL
1293	 Yeah. When you search, and you try and change multiple frames, it gives you an error message. It has to be for that. Is it as simple as error  ?	NULL
1294	 I don't know. I'm not familiar with this section of code.	NULL
1295	 You have to change...	NULL
1296	 Yeah. Say to be determined, right now, and I'll fill them in as I learn more.	NULL
1297	 Look at that. This is sad.	NULL
1298	  three, I think?	NULL
1299	 in there.   six on that, then since it's only...	NULL
1300	 Sure.	NULL
1301	 Once you look at it, if it's  you change them. That's that one.	NULL
1302	 If it's going to be database also, I'd take a  and set a task for that.	NULL
1303	 This is the...	NULL
1304	 Of course it's not.	NULL
1305	 This is a journal update. This is similar to frames. It's a frame update but it's a journal change.	NULL
1306	 Don't  .	NULL
1307	  Well, let me see if I know what you're talking about. I'm not at all sure. Have I found hardwire? That hardwire? Partially found. That's a hardwire, right?	NULL
1308	 No, second character.	NULL
1309	 Dang it. I thought it starts with a five. No, it's 0, 5.	NULL
1310	 No, that's the second character.	NULL
1311	 Zero five.  .	NULL
1312	 I don't just want  though, I want both. I don't think I'm going to get those. First 1,000 are apparently all we use. What can I  ?	NULL
1313	 Well you know you've have  .	NULL
1314	 that's going to be a problem, it's going to be a problem. Anyways, if I'm trying to change   .	NULL
1315	  .	NULL
1316	 It's required for hardwire defaults for plug, but you cannot update plugs in hardwire in the same transaction. So, the code changes to allow it to be  transaction.	NULL
1317	 Use the,  place that they use?	NULL
1318	 The Data Garage?	NULL
1319	  . The outside vendor they use. Industrial Movers?	NULL
1320	 Industrial Movers. I-N-D dash something.	NULL
1321	 It's underscore. IND_Movers, something like...	NULL
1322	 I thought it was a dash  .	NULL
1323	 It could be a dash.	NULL
1324	 That's what I'm thinking. IND-Movers. Industrial-Movers.	NULL
1325	 Both wrong  .	NULL
1326	 At least I was right on the dash  .	NULL
1327	 I knew it started with IND.	NULL
1328	  that's hard wire but what's one six?	NULL
1329	 I can't remember the other rules.  .	NULL
1330	 How can I narrow it down to this? I have to go trough 834 records.	NULL
1331	 Go to a different page. Grab one of those.	NULL
1332	 OK, so just click. These are both plugs, and then go here. Zero, five.  all of them.	NULL
1333	  .	NULL
1334	 I know. That's why I said wait.	NULL
1335	 Remove frame  edits.  .	NULL
1336	  .	NULL
1337	  .	NULL
1338	 for hardware  for flow, even though   hardwire on the same transaction.	NULL
1339	 What's that do? Frame  .	NULL
1340	 Probably nothing because, like I said, Kate  these and confused the heck out of me. I tried to go back and clean them up.	NULL
1341	 So it'll really remove estimate in it?	NULL
1342	  best. Go back and read...	NULL
1343	 You can't read what he put in here.  And you can't read what I put in here, because it won't, well, he put it in here but it's too big.	NULL
1344	 OK, LCAM...	NULL
1345	  .	NULL
1346	 This one is supposed to be the one. You do a general change. It doesn't know what day you're referring to. You have to go back in and change the frame.	NULL
1347	  ?	NULL
1348	 Yep. I put this stuff in here and he still didn't run the  right, but you can't really blame him because I've done diddly-squat, too.	NULL
1349	 All right, that's what we're doing. Not all the rest of the stuff the way  words it. I've told you that. I don't word it like they do. I word it so I know what I'm doing.	NULL
1350	 I thought printing wouldn't  .	NULL
1351	 Not on the journal change. Estimate is, but  isn't. So, that's what this change is, which it only took us 45 minutes to get there.	NULL
1352	 We estimated that, that one was three? How did we estimate that at three? Wait, this was on 45. That may not be three, because he also did not put any of the estimates on there. He did estimate that at three. Why is it three? What else has to happen? Because these are our estimates.	NULL
1353	 I don't know. It's, if you're changing the frame it can't be general.	NULL
1354	 Yeah, but this is general change. One of them was general change and one of them was that change the frame.	NULL
1355	 On that screen you've got a drop down of general and non-general.	NULL
1356	 No, I went to general change. I said I was going to general change it.  .	NULL
1357	 I wouldn't change it.	NULL
1358	 We used to.	NULL
1359	 OK, you're on general change. You can't change the frame for hardware but you can't plug, right?	NULL
1360	 No.	NULL
1361	 The other way around?	NULL
1362	 No.	NULL
1363	 In other words, the thing  .	NULL
1364	 Yeah. When you do a general change on an asset, it doesn't allow  , so you have to go up in and change the frame. Correct.	NULL
1365	 It's basically this frame is not a general,  general  . In other words, if you go in and say the only thing you want to do is change the frame and you went to this screen  general change. That's what  when you're changing the frame. You're just changing the frame.	NULL
1366	 Right. On this screen, if they come in and already change on here, the frame then you would throw and error message and tell them, frame those dates are not a general change. You would require one of these other fields to be changed at that point.	NULL
1367	 The frame by itself...	NULL
1368	 Right. You would not allow frame by themselves. I still don't know why we did it at three days, but that's OK. It's what they said they'd pay for.  I just don't know why. So annoying  .	NULL
1369	 Frame  .	NULL
1370	 Maybe we weren't sure how it might effect Dopak?	NULL
1371	 I don't know.	NULL
1372	 ...something you don't do it for six months?	NULL
1373	 General change probably doesn't even take frame as the parameters.  .	NULL
1374	 He's going to have to...Is this store proc?	NULL
1375	 You wanted workflow, change  .	NULL
1376	 for frame to be a valid general   .	NULL
1377	 This is probably the biggest part of this, right? The UI changes and then he has these backend changes. It's going to be two tasks.  .	NULL
1378	  .	NULL
1379	 frame entered  value  . Does that make any sense to you?   I'm trying to get something in here.	NULL
1380	 When I figure some out some out, I'll talk to you.	NULL
1381	 What do you think? Another day, or...Honestly?	NULL
1382	 UI  procedures   .	NULL
1383	 If you need to add another patch to this or a update the  on here. This got that one.	NULL
1384	 that one. I was trying to make sure I wasn't   . This is the one that's really...	NULL
1385	 There's two areas, I hope, I don't have a  Microsoft reports.	NULL
1386	 Do you want two of that?	NULL
1387	 Yeah, give me two because one's going to be in Microsoft reports and the other's going to be the  keep track of.	NULL
1388	 So, Microsoft Report?	NULL
1389	 Let's split the day four and four.	NULL
1390	 It's three and three.	NULL
1391	 It's much like a cup of coffee is six ounces but actually a cup, liquid cup, is eight ounces.	NULL
1392	 Part of that day is mine. Part of that day is all of this crap.	NULL
1393	 OK, three and three. Who decided a cup of coffee was six ounces instead of eight?	NULL
1394	 Part of Bartender.	NULL
1395	 Bartender files. There is one extra barcode next to existing data.  .	NULL
1396	 Says 23 of them.	NULL
1397	 I've already got the data in place?	NULL
1398	 Yeah, the data's there it just doesn't have a barcode on it.	NULL
1399	 Bartender won't be a big issue. It's Microsoft Reports. I have to generate the barcode images to the report. Yeah, I think three and three will be fine.	NULL
1400	 OK, Jerry this one's yours. Let me see what I say about this. This is 160.	NULL
1401	  are too strict?	NULL
1402	 Quest is to be able to retire hardware equipment that's inventory  for the  without having to move the equipment to in service. In service Dopak records are attached.	NULL
1403	 What?	NULL
1404	  retire. I thought retire hardwire that's inventory.	NULL
1405	 Right now you cannot retire inventory  equipment. You have to move it to in service and then retire it. This one I remember, because I asked him about this 166. I sent him a bazillion emails on it. I remember, when I finally understood it. It makes perfect sense...	NULL
1406	 357 X   . It's just a number.	NULL
1407	 Dopak records.	NULL
1408	 records   .	NULL
1409	 Yeah, he made them 357. She made them all 357.	NULL
1410	 If it's hardware  26  . If it's new, we have a 21s, 28s, and 23  .	NULL
1411	 It's all hardwire.	NULL
1412	 Yeah, because RC five U and RC five  are both  ? I don't have my little cheat sheet, here. RC five S. What are the other ones? S and T?	NULL
1413	 I was looking at the RC  but if it's a mix of  hardwire. I don't remember. Was it 20? 20 RC five B. RC five B. That's new. RC five U.	NULL
1414	 It's used, I don't remember.	NULL
1415	 Yeah, reuse because she says that up here. New RC five U.  Not confusing at all, because that's the whole deal, right? This equipment comes in, it's inventory held for use, they never use it, and they retire it. She says, "Yeah, that's what we actually do on these rare occasions." Today we have to go through these various steps down here in order to do that.	NULL
1416	  retired, wherever it is.	NULL
1417	 Yes, because we did have that discuss about, "Do you want to retire this stuff at the  Garage where it was never installed?" They were like, "Yeah." So, we're going to retire it wherever it is.	NULL
1418	 ? Never get rid of it. Sitting there, "Why's that still in the corner?" "I don't know. They retired it   ."	NULL
1419	 We got a day to do that, right?	NULL
1420	 More than that.	NULL
1421	 Do some stuff?  Is that what you want your task to say? Do this. Do this. 	NULL
1422	 Stuff.	NULL
1423	 Just give me that Dopak. Yeah.	NULL
1424	 That's going to be...	NULL
1425	 12?	NULL
1426	  want another one. You're going to have to change the UI to at least allow that to be an option. What do you want now?	NULL
1427	 Two?	NULL
1428	 OK, anything else?	NULL
1429	  .	NULL
1430	 The good thing about yours is I can look at them and I can go, "OK, now I know what you did." I can do my test cases, because he's really good about putting notes. You're good about putting notes, too.	NULL
1431	 I try to be.	NULL
1432	 Other people put diddly. I'm like, "That doesn't tell me anything. I still don't know what you did." We have a lot in here now. The next thing that we need to do quickly is we don't have iterations for this. 161 was supposed to start on the 14th and it didn't. Do we want to do...?	NULL
1433	 Can we change the date of the iterations since we're clear on that. Nobody  .	NULL
1434	 We can't change the end date. The start date doesn't really matter.	NULL
1435	 I saw the start date at 3/14  .	NULL
1436	 Technically it is, because I started on it. These stories don't write themselves.  I spent hours with  going through it. They don't. I was thinking for this one, maybe we would do three, or maybe four-week iterations? If we really had started the 14th, three-week iteration goes there. If we do a four-week iteration, it goes there.	NULL
1437	 I would say four is when we get past Frontier.	NULL
1438	 This is May 6th and June 3rd.	NULL
1439	 When's he supposed to come through?	NULL
1440	 The 17th or the 24th. That actually works out well. The 24th will end our iteration, but we'll actually need to be through on the 17th. We can do four-week iterations. I'll add them in as four week iterations.	NULL
1441	 Then I'll need you all to go in and put your stories into the iteration when you think you'll do them. I will try to get test cases in here.  was also going to write the test cases for these, but I really need to sit with him for that.	NULL
1442	 I was just saying four because if you said three is going to put us, clash us right with the, when we're dealing with the frontier, we're at the beginning of April.	NULL
1443	 The beginning of April is next week.	NULL
1444	 I know. I just want to say four weeks is better.	NULL
1445	 The iteration is what we get. One iteration  ..	NULL
1446	 One iteration  .  another  .	NULL
1447	 It's not that we have four weeks total. One iteration is four weeks.	NULL
1448	 Right, so you need to do one story before a week from, two weeks from tomorrow, right? I'll add those in. I'll let you know when they're there. You all can put your stuff in there. You just need to decide what your first story needs to be, because it's the one you'll have to have done in a couple of weeks.	NULL
1449	 search for market   . I'm more familiar with that, so I can probably...	NULL
1450	 Provided those printers work since they've been moved.	NULL
1451	 That's something else. I don't know how  that going. Repair service, that's just  .	NULL
1452	 That's right, it is.	NULL
1453	 Just doesn't have  .	NULL
1454	 Thank you everybody.	NULL
1455	 That's actually I hope, as in brightest moment as we...really?	NULL
1456	 Don't wait for the laundry.	NULL
1457	 Door.	NULL
1458	 Scene one have to write, and what day of the week it is. Otherwise, I would never know when I talked about the stuff. 	NULL
1459	 Hello.	NULL
1460	 Hello.	NULL
1461	 First, we are going to talk about that QUEL that they want for us writing a SQL that will update they're database. I think I sent the email onto you this morning.	NULL
1462	 The one on disconnects?	NULL
1463	 Yes.	NULL
1464	 Yes.	NULL
1465	 Smiley recognizes that this will be chargeable work. What they want is they have these 22,000 disconnects. They want to retire all the items that are not related to the central office  code, and not do anything to the ones that are already color coded.	NULL
1466	 Here's the spreadsheet that they sent us. Right now, it's filtered by price, but you can take that off. The guy that was working on it was going for the high-dollar items first. What he wants us to do is take all of these assets and write a script that will retire them in LCAM.	NULL
1467	 Is  , and so on and so forth?	NULL
1468	 Yes. Yeah, they have to be journalized. He did say that.	NULL
1469	 What do the color codes mean? They're not related to CO?	NULL
1470	 Yes. It's two things. In the first file editor, they have this north, south, east and west location groups. If it's in one of those location groups, then you wouldn't do anything with it. If it's not in one of those location groups, then you would retire it.	NULL
1471	 And  on the spreadsheet if they've color coded it then they've already touched it. It's always possible.	NULL
1472	 Filtered by color?	NULL
1473	 OK, yeah. He's already done something to all of these.	NULL
1474	 Don't touch them.	NULL
1475	 They don't want us to touch the ones that they've put color on, because they're manually researching on them, figuring out if they want to retire them or not.	NULL
1476	 And color code them. Yeah, can you filter it in that?	NULL
1477	 Filter by no color?	NULL
1478	 Yeah.	NULL
1479	 There was a no color option. No fill. So, those...	NULL
1480	 Those 22, 247, then you go...	NULL
1481	 And if they're not...	NULL
1482	 Yeah, if they're not in...	NULL
1483	 The realm.	NULL
1484	 These profile editor location groups, then you retire them. You give them back the ones that you didn't touch, so that they know they still need to go and manually look at those.	NULL
1485	 Don't they know by the ones that are...oh, because they don't know about what's in the north, south, east, west? OK, I got you.	NULL
1486	 I would think we would give them back, but for one spreadsheet that says, "Here's all the stuff we've retired, in case you want to double check it. Here's all the stuff we didn't touch, that was in your spreadsheet." Right?	NULL
1487	 What do we know about the answers? What do we have on there?	NULL
1488	 I don't know nothing, because that's all I want to  . 	NULL
1489	 I have seen you guys on location.	NULL
1490	 And you've got to clone but I don't know if that helps us any.	NULL
1491	 We have a price that is the original, the price?	NULL
1492	 It's probably not going to equal something that's in...	NULL
1493	 I don't either.	NULL
1494	 Just first guess.  .	NULL
1495	 A silly question.	NULL
1496	 There was other calls, or it had...	NULL
1497	 So, we had a  .	NULL
1498	 Taxes.	NULL
1499	 DD column.	NULL
1500	 This is related to the other system that he's looking stuff up in, like this bridge here.	NULL
1501	 These are network trends equipment. These are more like smart jacks, or like shells that are out on the customer prem. I understand it's because this is what's happening. They only have the people there in the customer prem and they removed the equipment.	NULL
1502	 There was always a big debate on the equipment is not worth to roll a truck, to go out and actually get. They're so far behind on it. They don't have the people to do it. They want to clean the records off.	NULL
1503	 That's $500 filter that he had on there. Apparently, if it's $500 it's worth rolling a truck for.  If it's under that, it's not. That's very helpful, Caleb. 	NULL
1504	 I thought he said something about that they don't want you to touch it if it's related to CO, the component.	NULL
1505	 Yeah, that's the part of the email where the way that we know that it's related to a CO is because if it's in the north, south, east or west location group on their system then that's the COs that he doesn't want us to touch.	NULL
1506	 Oh, I just want to say I could probably go in and get a copy of all the COs that Bill had and by the common language game.	NULL
1507	 You all can correct me if I'm wrong but probably what we will do is we'll go in their system. We'll pull this north, south, east and west location groups. We'll filter the spreadsheet about that and then we'll confirm with Smiley that this is what you mean. We are not going to touch these. Then, we'll go forward from there. That's what I would think we would do. 	NULL
1508	 Yeah, that's the same thing. The north, south, east, west would be...It's just a list of all 50 something COs that they don't have in their common language names.	NULL
1509	 OK, you're all trying to think how you would actually do this or you think you'll just talk about location and this equipment. Can we use a vintage or it does it matter?	NULL
1510	 The north, south, east, west each have a group of  that's associated with them? Am I understanding that correctly?	NULL
1511	 Yeah.	NULL
1512	 Yes, and for all the  .	NULL
1513	 We can ask Smiley, "OK, for the north, south, east, west, get the list of all the  belonging..."	NULL
1514	 We can do it.	NULL
1515	 No need, we don't need him. It's in the...	NULL
1516	 It's in the database.	NULL
1517	 OK.	NULL
1518	 We can log into the database. I got it. By the way, I can do that now.	NULL
1519	 OK, so we could take those  .	NULL
1520	 We can take those  . Get the ones out of here based on those indecipherable 08:50] . Those are the ones we...	NULL
1521	 Exclude those.	NULL
1522	 Exclude, so what's left over are the ones that we would need to work with.	NULL
1523	 That's right. I guess the first question is, is this really chargeable work because they pay for maintenance. Smiley's under the impression that...	NULL
1524	 This isn't maintenance stuff.	NULL
1525	 OK. They did pay a license fee. I just don't whether it covers. That's how I'm asking is. Would you think that this is something that we would charge them to do or would it be something that he would say...?	NULL
1526	 First thought is, "Yeah, we charge for it."	NULL
1527	 That's fine because he's under the impression that it is chargeable so just saying it's not chargeable would be like a...It would be better for him but he's expecting to pay for it.	NULL
1528	 Who wants to finance maintenance? I guess, is my question.	NULL
1529	 The maintenance is doing stuff to the app? I guess so. You ask  about this.	NULL
1530	 This one escapes the edge for me. It could go either way. That's why I'm asking.	NULL
1531	 When we mention maintenance, it also includes correcting their data?	NULL
1532	 Only if we messed it up.	NULL
1533	 Yes, that's right.	NULL
1534	 Only if we messed it up, which in this case, we didn't mess it up. If we were to estimate it, what's the estimate?	NULL
1535	 I wouldn't say we're in two points.	NULL
1536	 Oh, yeah.	NULL
1537	 Two. That sounds reasonable to me. I was thinking one or two at least, it depends on how much testing you have to do.	NULL
1538	 Yeah, we'll take  . Put a lot of queries and we'd make sure it's right.	NULL
1539	 Yeah, a lot of verification.	NULL
1540	 We'll have to write it on their test system.	NULL
1541	 Here's the other thing that's going on. We have a request in now to get their production database. As part of that request, they want us to restore their production to their test again. If they're willing to wait on this until we restore their latest production to their test, then we're a lot closer to their production when we run the script.	NULL
1542	 We run it against our test. See what happens. Send him the results say, "Do they look good?" We've run against their test, be absolutely sure. Have them look at it there, and then we can run against production.	NULL
1543	 That's reasonable.	NULL
1544	 Chris Barry will be back on the 24th. Any  stuff, she will be available again once we ran it on their test, to confirm that looked how she's expecting it to look. Chris Barry is their accountant. She's their main accounting person.	NULL
1545	 She's like a contractor. She took seven weeks off. She does this every year though, she takes off big blocks of time. She just doesn't work.	NULL
1546	 Eight weeks.	NULL
1547	 Do what? It was eight weeks?	NULL
1548	 Yeah, every year. She goes to Florida. They have a house down there so she goes down there for two months.	NULL
1549	 Nice.	NULL
1550	 My question was, on the spreadsheet, all the items status say complete. Is that complete at LCAM?	NULL
1551	 No.	NULL
1552	 The clause, that are there. The script will have to go in and complete these closeout too, if they're still open in LCAM, correct?	NULL
1553	 They didn't ask for that.	NULL
1554	 Well I've been telling you, you've got to run it. These clause are associated with this equipment. You're going to have to clean out...	NULL
1555	 I would imagine the clause have already been...Are these disconnect clauses or something?	NULL
1556	 Yeah. These are all disconnect. Sorry if I didn't make that clear.	NULL
1557	 That was one more thing. I would be checking and see in LCAM, log into the system to see if we can find this equipment under these clause to be disconnected. Pending disconnects.	NULL
1558	 I realize we didn't do the actual disconnect.	NULL
1559	 This isn't an LCAM status. This is the status over in the other system they pull this information from.	NULL
1560	 Did the emails say that they're disconnect?	NULL
1561	 Yeah.	NULL
1562	 Yeah, disconnects.	NULL
1563	 It's probably called  . That's the other system probably where they are getting this information from. Where the tech goes in and says, "I did the work." Then nothing ever happens.	NULL
1564	 Completed special disconnects isn't even the name of it. Completed is they've done whatever work they're going to do, I guess.	NULL
1565	 They did the work, but they didn't do anything in LCAM, is what you're saying.	NULL
1566	 He did tell me that the completed column didn't apply to LCAM. I don't know if they're completed or not. I have not looked at the data at all.	NULL
1567	 I definitely wouldn't listen to voicemail then. We've got to go find the clause, find the  disconnects. Mark those as complete.	NULL
1568	 Only if we did have the clause in here.	NULL
1569	 We've been meaning to find this specific equipment associated with that clause.	NULL
1570	 OK, so that's more complicated.	NULL
1571	 Otherwise we would be social people.	NULL
1572	 Hopefully those assets have not been grabbed by something else.	NULL
1573	 We'll see. It's not terribly complicated. It's a little more complicated.	NULL
1574	 Are we thinking three months to two?	NULL
1575	 I think two is...	NULL
1576	 You think two will be fine?	NULL
1577	 Yes.	NULL
1578	 I can ask him. I can say, "We talked about this, would you want us to verify that the clause are closed in LCAM as well, or is that not part of what we're doing?" And say, it's two if we don't have to worry about the clause, it's three if we have to worry about the clause.	NULL
1579	 I can't say it's two, and then it's two.	NULL
1580	 I think we all agree it wasn't always bigger than a one.	NULL
1581	 What did you say  ?	NULL
1582	 Does LCAM store the clause?	NULL
1583	 Yeah.	NULL
1584	 I would think that in order to do an actual retirement, you would have to emulate the retirement screen in LCAM, which I think requires the clause.	NULL
1585	 It doesn't require the clause to be retired.	NULL
1586	 The retire doesn't need the clause.	NULL
1587	 But if you go, the clause just stay in LCAM as open forever, right? Then you've got a dirty  .	NULL
1588	 Yeah.	NULL
1589	 We still have the list of clause. We can go mark them all as being complete. If that's the only thing that's on the clause.	NULL
1590	 You need the clause and the location.	NULL
1591	 ...has two different locations and two...	NULL
1592	 Right.	NULL
1593	 All of that has to be...We can't mark the entire clause. We can mark that line as being complete.	NULL
1594	 I think Susan has a good point. We just need to ask Kevin if he wants to do a nice clean sweep of it all, or if he wants to leave the clause hanging forever.	NULL
1595	 Yeah.	NULL
1596	 It could be because he won't slow us back, but they're going to go in and clean them up. I don't know, but I can ask. Is it two no clause, and three if it's clause? If we have to do the clause.	NULL
1597	 Is that it?	NULL
1598	 No. Sit down.	NULL
1599	 Trying to get out of things. I have to write my notes. I will send him an email. It will probably be Monday before I send that email because my hair appointment got changed to 11:30. I will definitely be leaving. So the other one...	NULL
1600	  to interview, unless you think he just wants to hear back from you.	NULL
1601	 What I was going to do, was write up what we've discussed. That's what I usually do when I send him something back that says, "Here is our understanding of your request." If we do this, then it's two points, if we clean up the clause, then it's three points.	NULL
1602	 I basically write what I would put in the story of the email back to him, so that it makes sense to me. Then if he signs off on it, that's what goes in the story. If he comes back and says, "Oh, but what about this?" Then I update and send it back to him.	NULL
1603	 You're welcome to try that if you want to.	NULL
1604	 I can try.	NULL
1605	 Yes, and if you don't mind send that to me, and then if it's OK then I'll forward it on to him, because I can check my emails after I get home today.	NULL
1606	 Yes, absolutely. That's what I'll do.	NULL
1607	 OK, thank you. That's good.	NULL
1608	 I'll draft it up and send it to you.	NULL
1609	 OK. That sounds great. The other thing that we were going to talk about, and  you were copied on this from Smiley. It says scanner, but this is where they wanted to talk about the wireless scanners to use with LCAM.	NULL
1610	 I'm just going to give the guys an update. I talked to Smiley yesterday about what specifically he means, and in his mind he means is what we mean when we say wireless scanner. It acts just like a tethered scanner, but it's wireless.	NULL
1611	 The guy in the field who's wanting this functionality is thinking more of an offline scanner where you sit it into a...	NULL
1612	 Docking station.	NULL
1613	 A docking station and it uploads a buttload of data at one time. I told him that I have a meeting set up to talk to you guys about this, but that the offline scanners is definitely way more complex than wireless scanners.	NULL
1614	 It may not even come to pass, because the whole deal is the people in the field are doing cycle counts. Can you give a brief explanation of cycle counts so we're not the same page of what we're talking about?	NULL
1615	 A cycle count is where they go out and look and see what spare equipment they have in these spare cabinets, and LCAM says one thing, and what's actually in the field could be different so it has to be reconciled to what's there and what LCAM has. I don't often Kevin, do you know how often you do cycle counts?	NULL
1616	 The field does, and this is who it's for. It's for a Williams, Bill Williams, I believe it is. He's a team leader of the techs in the field. They do it once a month. They go into their maintenance containers, and they reconcile what's in their maintenance against what LCAM says is supposed to be in their maintenance.	NULL
1617	 Except that they're behind.	NULL
1618	 Well, this I just like...they get time allotted. The techs get time allotted to do this so it's only now in my view they're making these containers. It's not everything, just that. They go in.	NULL
1619	 I think right now they're printing off their inventory files and just doing a manual check off of, yes, this is what's in there, no this is...They want an easier, quicker way of doing it, and also using the cycle counts feature to do it.	NULL
1620	 So in LCAM they're...yes, OK, so that's why I wanted to talk to you guys, because this sounds like we could possibly let them use DC3 to do this functionality.	NULL
1621	 That's what I was wondering.	NULL
1622	 But it won't be the CinBell DC3 that they have currently because that's warehouse, and it expects you to do the whole  . It's not at the container level. So maybe do we need...?	NULL
1623	 You probably need Patrick for that.	NULL
1624	 Let me see if I can get Patrick. I'll be right back.	NULL
1625	 Patrick's our DC3 expert. It's his baby.	NULL
1626	 Yes. He showed me when I first got here a little bit.	NULL
1627	 He's very protective of it. That's my opinion.	NULL
1628	 This would mean that DC3 would need to be loaded on those techs' laptops?	NULL
1629	 That's what I'm thinking, and maybe is that what you're thinking, too?	NULL
1630	 I don't know how they use DC3. It guess so.	NULL
1631	 When you all did the warehouse...	NULL
1632	 You were there, weren't you?	NULL
1634	 And today they're not doing them in LCAM. They just go off and...They print off their inventory and then they checklist it as they're doing their cycle count.	NULL
1635	 Patrick's here.	NULL
1636	 The thought of having Kevin Smiley's thought with the wireless is that they can take a laptop over to their storage cabinet and scan, and it'll talk to...or if they have a desktop, it can talk wirelessly.	NULL
1637	 They've got the scanner. They can have their cycle count up and scan the stuff in. That stuff sounds more like DC3, which I did have that thought when I was talking to him about it. I don't know why I didn't invite you to this meeting. My bad.	NULL
1638	 If you wanted to do a cycle count that was entirely on the web side of things it's basically like what you're talking about doing a bay audit where you just take the raw data from somewhere, dump it into LCAM, look at it up there, make your adjustments, and then push it through that way.	NULL
1639	 You could also do that entirely on DC3. Right now it only works at the  level so you'd have to adjust it to where it would only narrow down to a particular frame ID. The challenge there is that with the whole recon process that's there it's a little bit overkill in a sense.	NULL
1640	 Yes, and this is like techs in the field doing it. The learning curve could be huge.	NULL
1641	 They can spell their name and that's about it.	NULL
1642	 	NULL
1643	 What did he say?	NULL
1644	 They can spell their name.	NULL
1645	 Say how you really feel  . 	NULL
1646	 I'm saying it, that's how it is.	NULL
1647	 He's been there. He's seen it.	NULL
1648	 We could modify DC3 to maybe smooth out that process a little bit to where it's not as complicated, or streamline it. You can go either way. You're basically either...you've got to simplify the process in DC3 to only work at the frame ID level and strip out a lot of the...	NULL
1649	 The recon process is for the whole location, and it's pretty granular as far as being able to make adjustments as you go along so you get the whole inventory for the whole office just right before you actually push the button to pump it back into LCAM.	NULL
1650	 The plus side about that is you use laptops and just simple, inexpensive 2D barcode scanners that you already have to do all that if they wanted to do the bay audit kind of a thing. There was a cycle count function in there at one point in time, right?	NULL
1651	 It's still there. How does it work? I'm sorry, I've just forgot?	NULL
1652	 How do you put information into it?	NULL
1653	 Does it stop it from sourcing when you say you're doing a cycle count?	NULL
1654	 No, you're talking warehouse. Warehouse cycle count is different from the field.	NULL
1655	 I don't think I ever tested the field cycle count. How does it work in LCAM?	NULL
1656	 You just go to that page and say you were doing a cycle count for this  . I don't know if it's  end bay. I think it is,  end frame.  end frame, and then you just say, "OK, I've got eight of these plugs, nine of this one."	NULL
1657	 Do you just key it all in, basically?	NULL
1658	 Just key it in. You scan the  , and then you put a count, basically.	NULL
1659	 Ah, so this. It looks like I've got 12 of these.	NULL
1660	 Then it adds it to the list. You keep doing that until you...	NULL
1661	 Will this take scanning information?	NULL
1662	 Yeah.	NULL
1663	 How do you scan it? Do you just have a really long cord to go from your computer, or do you use a laptop?	NULL
1664	 You use a laptop and the tethered scanner.	NULL
1665	 With WiFi or something?	NULL
1666	 Yes.	NULL
1667	 Go ahead and finish what you're saying.	NULL
1668	 I don't know what I was saying. Once you do that you hit submit, and then it brings up a screen for you to reconcile them.	NULL
1669	 If I hit submit here, it's going to give me a bunch of crap.	NULL
1670	 You in production?	NULL
1671	 Now. Request web post data. Don't do that to me, David.	NULL
1672	 You did that on purpose.	NULL
1673	 It says test at the bottom.	NULL
1674	 It doesn't matter.	NULL
1675	 Are you logging is as CinBell?	NULL
1676	 No. I'm on  .	NULL
1677	 That really doesn't mean anything. It used to put a file on the FTP server, but now if you go back to...	NULL
1678	 	NULL
1679	 You've got to remember what  you use...	NULL
1680	 Process?	NULL
1681	 Yes.	NULL
1682	 What the heck. Can't type.	NULL
1683	 I don't think you need that. You maybe do. I don't know. Just hit fine. There you go.	NULL
1684	 So you go to...	NULL
1685	 Yes.	NULL
1686	 And then it tells me, "This is all the stuff you have. I'm going to talk it all away because you didn't give me anything but D4 D4 SB."	NULL
1687	 The easier thing to do is have Data Collector. The previous screen do something similar in Data Collector and then do a web service call. I don't know what that XML file is, if that's anything.	NULL
1688	 I don't even think it's reading it.	NULL
1689	 There's a table count in there so let's add a web service call that allows DC3 to manipulate that one table, and then after they upload their cycle count into LCAM from Data Collector they'd go to this same screen and keep going.	NULL
1690	 Do their reconciliation.	NULL
1691	 I have a couple of questions. When they're doing this cycle count can the equipment be moving behind the scenes?	NULL
1692	 Can it be moving? What do you mean?	NULL
1693	 Like are you preventing anything?	NULL
1694	 No.	NULL
1695	 OK.	NULL
1696	 The point is they're dealing with one frame ID. They need to take a Post-it note and stick it on the front of there saying, "Don't touch."	NULL
1697	 Here's the other issue that CinBell is dealing with, and the reason that DC3 may actually be a better solution is a lot of these sites they don't have WiFi at, and they don't have LCAM.	NULL
1698	 They just started having these meetings so Smiley is offering them, or discussing a couple of proposals. He's like, "You all need to put in WiFi at all these locations so that they can get to somewhere where there's LCAM. That's $500 a pop to put in some kind of WiFi connection at all these sites that don't have them.	NULL
1699	 But if they can do DC3 they don't have to have it, right? They can start somewhere where they have WiFi and say, "I'm going to do this when I get there." When they go there they can do it, come back.	NULL
1700	 That has been the only reason that we've ever continued to mess with client applications on a laptop so that you can do stuff like that without an Internet connection otherwise I'd be out of a job, probably.	NULL
1701	 We need to give a proposal back to them that's a win/win for everybody.  Where's the Kool-Aid? I'm drinking it.	NULL
1702	 If we add a web service call so that DC3 can populate this screen from data that has been collected on the laptop throughout the day then, yes, they could manage this process bay by bay using this.	NULL
1703	 Now if they're doing the entire  then they would run it as a full-blown inventory.	NULL
1704	 Yes, and at this point they're strictly talking about these cycle counts. Their field people are trying to find a way to make it quicker and easier for them to do their cycle counts.	NULL
1705	 I need to add a function in DC3 to let them create a new task just locally for a bay and a frame. We'd need to add a web service call in LCAM for DC3 to be able push that data up to this table here.	NULL
1706	 I'd say both of those you could do that, and you could do that in five days. That's the happy path. I don't find anything else along the way.	NULL
1707	 Five days.	NULL
1708	 Total.	NULL
1709	 Total, OK.	NULL
1710	 Both for DC3 and for LCAM.	NULL
1711	 This has got to be cheaper than buying wireless scanners.	NULL
1712	 Oh, yeah, because you're going to have to do the exact same thing with the wireless scanners. The thing that people don't realize about wireless scanners is it's basically you have to make a whole new app to run inside of them. It's a Windows mobile device just like that conduit thing unless you...	NULL
1713	 Now there are some off the shelf ones where they will gather just dumb barcode scans, and it'll output them, but at that point none of it's validated. What if they scan a manufacturer's serial number instead of the  or something like that?	NULL
1714	 That's the other half of why you deal with laptops out in the field, because you can validate against the catalog while you're standing in front of the thing as opposed to I've gathered a pile of barcodes. Now let's try to do something with it, right?	NULL
1715	 Caleb, do you know do all the field techs have laptops or not? Do you know?	NULL
1716	 They used to not, no. The COs have their dedicated work stations, things like that for LKM and everything. They have tablets of some sort, I believe, the techs do, but central office technicians I don't think, and I may be wrong, but I don't think that they all have their own individual laptops.	NULL
1717	 Are there enough floater owner laptops around to where if a tech needs to go out and say, "Hey, I need to spend an afternoon doing these cycle counts," he could get one?	NULL
1718	 I'm sure they could find some along the way, but once again there's like a Kevin Smiley question. To me I think they just wanted to have login in to LCAM and click the cycle count function button on there and then a have a cordless, wireless scanner be able to talk to LCAM just let them do the function directly into LCAM.	NULL
1719	 Yeah, but part of the problem with that is they don't have WiFi at all of the locations so their wireless scanners would not work to connect to LCAM at those locations. There's a couple of issues that they're trying to solve.	NULL
1720	 Right. Kevin, he talked to me about it as well.	NULL
1721	 Go back to that first screen. The problem there is at that point you're back to the problem of just a dumb scanner clicking barcodes. If you programmed the scanner just right you could set it up to where they just blindly scanned the  . They wouldn't be able to adjust any quantities so if they had 50 of something on the same shelf they'd have to scan the barcode 50 times.	NULL
1722	 What does that do?	NULL
1723	 It just...	NULL
1724	 It should combine them when you...	NULL
1725	 Do you tab or enter key?	NULL
1726	 It's a tab.	NULL
1727	 It's a push tab.	NULL
1728	 Yes.	NULL
1729	 Now do the same one again and then tab.	NULL
1730	 I think when you...	NULL
1731	 So here now what happens?	NULL
1732	 That was what Smiley was trying to bring up to them even with wireless scanners someone's got to be wherever to handle this.	NULL
1733	 And that's the problem. OK, so now you're back to you need validation, which means you need a smart scanner, which means you need an app that is specifically coded for that smart scanner, and at that point you're talking about something that costs more than a laptop and tethered 1D USB barcode scanner.	NULL
1734	 You're talking back porch now. 	NULL
1735	 What do you mean?	NULL
1736	 Barcode from porch...	NULL
1737	 Exactly.	NULL
1738	 Then we'll have side shift.	NULL
1739	 If you want validation then, OK, you need a smart scanner which is expensive and cumbersome programming-wise or you need a laptop.	NULL
1740	 Yes, and if they do it with offline scanners then that's a huge change for LCAM. It's way more than five days' work if they go with offline scanners.	NULL
1741	 You're building an entirely new app. That's what it amounts to, which back in the day that's how you used to do inventories, and it eventually got to the point where a laptop and a tethered scanner is cheaper and easier.	NULL
1742	 OK.	NULL
1743	 OK, so that's the validation problem, and then the other problem is connectivity. That's, again, why a laptop deals with that one.	NULL
1744	 I think that we should just, Susan and us should just go back to Kevin and tell him that DC3 can...modify DC3 with a tethered scanner would be the most feasible and cheapest way to go to be able to do what they wanted to do.	NULL
1745	 Yes, that's what it sounded like to me, too. That's why we're having this meeting is to decide what's...because what they actually want to accomplish is to be able to do their cycle counts quickly and efficiently and cheaply, because nobody wants to spend money they don't have to spend.	NULL
1746	 If we can modify DC3 and LCAM so that they can do that, as long as they can provide the laptops and it doesn't have to be a dedicated laptop. They can have a pool of laptops that have DC3 loaded on them that the techs go pick up when they're going to go do their cycle count, and then turn them back in when they're done or whatever.	NULL
1747	 One of the other things to maybe put on there is you could probably put another five days on there. One thing I want to do is change the database that it runs in. Right now it runs off of SQL Express, which is basically installing a small version SQL Server on the laptop itself.	NULL
1748	 Microsoft, they came up with...what is it called? Local DB. SQL Express is its own Window service that runs as an entirely separate Windows service. They have a version called Local DB which is a process. When your program connects to a local DB database it's not a Window service that's already running in the background, but it kicks off an even more stripped down version of SQL Server that runs as just a plain old process.	NULL
1749	 The installation for that is a lot easier. If you've ever done a SQL Express install it's this big old long thing. It still is a separate Microsoft install, but it's more like you're installing a PDF viewer or just some old plain utility app.	NULL
1750	 It's a lot easier install. It's a lot smaller footprint on the computer, and it's not a Windows server that's constantly running. It only spools up after you start Data Collector and start using it that way. That's one of the things that's on the list.	NULL
1751	 We could make it work, but it would force them to do a full-blown SQL Express install if they wanted to use it this way. That's just something else that I wanted to do especially for this case. If they say, "Hey, we need a laptop to do this thing," well, they would need this local DB set up and DC3 setup, and it would be maybe 10 minutes' worth of installing as opposed to...	NULL
1752	 Like the half a day it took to get one of those...	NULL
1753	 Yeah, so that's the thing, too, is you could have an end user do a SQL Express install, but it's pretty...it's scary-looking for them, right?	NULL
1754	 Yeah.	NULL
1755	 That's one of the old technical thing to throw in there.	NULL
1756	 That's good to have. That would be like another five days.	NULL
1757	 I call it five days, yeah. Around five days to implement that.	NULL
1758	 So those are valid estimates I can give them?	NULL
1759	 Sure. They're ballpark. If we're just...	NULL
1760	 If we were going with a not too exceed estimate would you make it even bigger?	NULL
1761	 My numbers tie then.	NULL
1762	 Of what I know before actually diving into it that's what it feels like.	NULL
1763	 OK. It's only because I'm going to give it to them so I don't want it to come back.	NULL
1764	 If you want not to exceed estimates, double it. If you want not to exceed estimates double it, but that's just random padding at that point.	NULL
1765	 I prefer to come in under.  Either way, if we wind up going over they're still not going to pay over five if I tell them five so that's where my question is coming from.	NULL
1766	 Unless they want to count this as their maintenance stuff. They get maintenance points, right?	NULL
1767	 We were having this discussion about what's covered in maintenance.	NULL
1768	 They get maintenance but I don't know what...	NULL
1769	 How much?	NULL
1770	 I don't know how much or...what's considered maintenance to you?	NULL
1771	 I can take all of this stuff to Darrell and to Brett and discuss what's considered maintenance, what could be...	NULL
1772	 I thought the license included X number of days of just development work, not a lot, but...	NULL
1773	 And I honestly don't remember.	NULL
1774	 Can they do the buy of DC3?	NULL
1775	 Do what?	NULL
1776	 Did they buy DC3?	NULL
1777	 Yeah.	NULL
1778	 They did.	NULL
1779	 They bought it.	NULL
1780	 For the warehouse. 	NULL
1781	 They bought it. It's theirs, so if they want to spend some maintenance points or some money to enhance it to do this other thing it's theirs to use. You can tell Kevin, too, look, that extra five days is to give you the autonomy to be able to do this on your own otherwise you're going to have to get IT involved.	NULL
1782	 I guess the other thing you can mention to Kevin Smiley is one of the things we ran into while we were up there is there's a difference between laptops that lived inside of their corporate network that were really tightly controlled, and had a bunch of security stuff that gets preloaded on it and everything.	NULL
1783	 You could run on a laptop that's outside of the corporate network but you'd need the VPN client. To be able to talk to LCAM you'd have to run a VPN client to make that connection, and if you have...	NULL
1784	 For example, our Alden laptops are an example of that. I could bring it in there. I had access to the public Internet from their network in the warehouse. It would get me to the public Internet, but I couldn't get to LCAM itself until I ran the VPN client, like we do here.	NULL
1785	 If they're outside the corporate network then they need the VPN client to run LCAM on the laptops.	NULL
1786	 To talk to LCAM on the laptop.	NULL
1787	 OK.	NULL
1788	 If they wanted the most autonomy running something like that give us the five days so we could use this local DB thing. It'd be a lot easier for an end user to install. Run a laptop that's outside the corporate network so they have admin and access to it to do the installs, and then you could talk to LCAM with VPN. They should be able to do it that way.	NULL
1789	 OK. I think that gives us enough to go back with a proposal to Kevin, which actually that proposal will probably wind up coming from Brett because when money's involved it's supposed to go through Brett unless it's part of a release, and what we're proposing would not be part of a...I mean we would have a release for it, but the DC3 part of it...	NULL
1790	 Ask Darrell if there's an option for him to spend maintenance points on it.	NULL
1791	 Yeah, that's what I need to do is get with Darrell and Brett and go, "What are they paying us this license fee for? What does it cover?" Because I don't know, and I need to know. All right. I think that's it.	NULL
1792	 Thanks everybody. Talk you later, Caleb. Bye.	NULL
1793	 Are we making changes, get the new view, new view model, and even if you want to start making the changes to taking out the reference to the old user control...	NULL
1794	 That will temporarily break it, right?	NULL
1795	 Yeah.	NULL
1796	 Until we get the new look.	NULL
1797	 If you get familiar with XAML, you could split the screen, and put two controls side-by-side. It's going to reduce our real estate on the screen and stuff, but you could split it, split the two columns and put each control in there, and see if we can get them side-by-side might actually be useful for testing, and comparison, and such.	NULL
1798	 That's a good idea, maybe that.	NULL
1799	 Then you can slowly move one function over at a time.	NULL
1800	 That's a good idea. Easy peasy.	NULL
1801	 I'm going to have to check these changes in though, too, so you will have them.	NULL
1802	 I'll just get recent...	NULL
1803	 Yeah, give me the latest version.	NULL
1804	 OK.	NULL
1805	 I'll do that. Let me get back to my desk, compile a few times, make sure I haven't broken anything, and then I'll check that in and make sure there's no...I'll make sure the application... make sure it still runs. OK, I'll go and check it in. I don't have any TFS, I have to check it in again so I'll see if we have anything to check it in. Have you done any of that yet?	NULL
1806	 Done what?	NULL
1807	 Have you checked any code in whatsoever?	NULL
1808	 No.	NULL
1809	 That's OK, it might be worthwhile. All right, so it's got the two changes, that is. Ouch, the project change. I'm sorry. That's it. How would I do this? Alright I take everything and exclude it first, so that I don't accidentally check any of this other stuff in. It's got stuff all over. All right, here's our current project. I'm just going to include that, include that, include these two items. That's it, and update it.  I don't know why they changed. It's probably part of the stuff I was doing  .	NULL
1810	 OK, that's just the change we made today, listed there. Typically, I would add, if I work at them ID, so whatever task I might working on, I would add it here. I don't have a task yet, I don't think.	NULL
1811	 I know what project this is.	NULL
1812	 I think I might have one that sounds really good.  .	NULL
1813	 OK, I don't know if it's the... I have one of the collectings.  , and then we'll start with a generic button. OK, here we go,  3.0replacing that point,  collect integration, that's what we're working on. OK, I can add a task.	NULL
1814	 We create teller control  model. It shouldn't take us too long but I'll put one hour to half an hour on it, probably another half hour of waiting on it to clean it up and make sure we didn't overlook anything. Two hours estimate, half hour spent on it. We'll put an hour on it just in case. Have you done any of these? Have you created any...?	NULL
1815	 Task or anything?	NULL
1816	 Task or anything like that?	NULL
1817	 I have not, so this is a good walk through.	NULL
1818	 Anything you're working on we're going to mark it as development. I'm going to assign this to you. That's basically it. Make sure it's got your name on it. Make sure you got activity and development. You've got an estimate, any time that you've actually put on it, and a remaining. It should add up. You would normally put some description in here, what you're actually doing. This is pretty self explanatory.	NULL
1819	 If we were both working on this kind of task, we might put some notes, too, that we might share between each other. You can add task notes, emails, and things like that. Now we have a task.  . We always assign any task as new. It comes in as new. I'm going to go ahead and move it to active because we worked on it. Now it's active. Work has started. That's all we need to check in code against it. That's 18591. I'm coming in here and check code against it.	NULL
1820	 It's going to want to send it to resolved. I'm going to associate it. Unless you're totally done with that task, I would always associate it. Associate this code set, or whatever it is, change set. I don't know... Check in this change set against that ticket. It's going to associate with it. You can go in and see all the change sets associated with that item however many times we check it in.	NULL
1821	 If we mess up at some point, it will help us track back to what happened, where did it go wrong, and things like that. Make a quick note on here about why I'm checking this in.	NULL
1822	 I think that's it. Everything you check in should be associated with a task, if at all possible. In fact, I haven't run across too many situations where we don't have a task to associate it with. That's it. We check that in and  . Change set, it's got that listed so I can go in.  change sets. Anyway, we do have a task. That's your name associated with it. We checked in code against it. Any more time that you spend on this particular task, you can do that and also add another task for updating the... .	NULL
1823	 That shouldn't take too terribly long. Put an hour on it. The product managers, before every planning meeting, before every stand-up, they want you to have your task out there. Every story should have your task associated with it, and every task should have some hours on it.	NULL
1824	 That's what they're expecting, every time you go to a stand-up meeting. That helps them. You just have some of the managed projects. It should be a lot shorter, because all you're going to say, do you have any obstacles in your way from getting this work done, or anything like that, and have you updated your time.	NULL
1825	 You can adjust this. Our estimate may be way off, but you can leave that the same. That helps us gauge  spread this to many. Then just keep track of how much time you actually spend on it. Each  . We're going to have several other tasks as we come across...tomorrow we'll come up with several other tasks.	NULL
1826	 This will be the basics. Have the basic view of  created. We're going to unhook the current control. Put the new control in. Then we'll start actually replacing some of the implementation of whatever's happening on the map itself. If we need boundaries, or anything else.	NULL
1827	 If everybody else had a task in here, you would have a burn-down chart here. It will start showing you... OK. Here's all the tasks that you have. It adds up the hours and what's left, and she'll start burning down.  It doesn't always look like that. Any questions?	NULL
1828	 No, I don't think. This is good.	NULL
1829	 Was this productive?	NULL
1830	 It was very productive. I haven't worked on anything to actually use this yet, so it's good to know.	NULL
1831	 OK. Because I just wing it. I haven't looked at the code, and now I just went with it.	NULL
1832	 I'm pretty comfortable with the code at this point. I have no idea of the TFS stuff, so it's good to see.	NULL
1833	 Well, that part I do know. The code I don't. TFS I know.	NULL
1834	 Cool. Then we both kind of make it.	NULL
1835	 We'll work it. Just make sure, if you get the latest, if it shows up, if it doesn't, let me know. Then we'll schedule...Before we finish, we do need to look at the calendar to see when some time...larger block in.	NULL
1836	 DuChock. What part of town did you grow up in?	NULL
1837	 I actually grew up in Texas.	NULL
1838	 Texas, OK.	NULL
1839	 My family is from Ireland.  .	NULL
1840	 I grew up in... DuChock.	NULL
1841	 Who?	NULL
1842	 I just remember the family's last name. St Mary that I grew up in.	NULL
1843	 Where did you grow up at?	NULL
1844	 Just this area Birmingham.	NULL
1845	 We were scattered all over. One of my little cousins went to high school here when I was living in Texas.	NULL
1846	 All right. Tuesday is not great. Wednesday is better. I can do Tuesday, and split it. I can do...well. Why don't we do 1:30? I've got to run, so that's the most important thing. Just kidding. That's why he thinks, schedule a 12 o'clock meeting ruins our whole day. We can do this, 1:30...we're going to an hour and a half tomorrow,or do we need to do it in the morning?	NULL
1847	 That's fine with me.	NULL
1848	 Let's just do it here. Let's do an hour and a half in the morning. Some of these meetings may run a little over. Let's do 10:00 to 11:30. Let's stick with that, and get back together that afternoon if we need more time.	NULL
1849	 Yeah. That's good.	NULL
1850	 Do you want to meet back in here? Does this work, or do we need to meet in the...?	NULL
1851	 Yeah. This is fine.	NULL
1852	 It seems to be available. All right, 10:00 to 11:30. Does that work? What time you normally do lunch?	NULL
1853	 12:00. I might go in, and just...	NULL
1854	 All right. Well, that works out.	NULL
1855	 accept.	NULL
1856	 Oh, did she?	NULL
1857	 She was talking about being here.	NULL
1858	 She should be here, especially based on the conversation Brian and I just had.	NULL
1859	 You missed a good lunch, I'm going to tell you.	NULL
1860	 You missed a good lunch, I'll tell you.	NULL
1861	 Well, I wasn't invited to yours.	NULL
1862	 You guys went to Mugshots?	NULL
1863	 Yeah.	NULL
1864	 I went to Logan's.	NULL
1865	  .	NULL
1866	 Mine was free.	NULL
1867	 Oh, no. I'm fine.	NULL
1868	 You sure  ?	NULL
1869	 Oh, yeah. I'm so full. It's horrible. It was delicious but  .	NULL
1870	 I ate half my burger, so...	NULL
1871	 Mugshots burgers are...	NULL
1872	 It was so good. I was trying to force it down, and it was too much.	NULL
1873	 You've got a deposit?	NULL
1874	 Not yet. We're still waiting on the check, but that's the last thing before we sign everything.	NULL
1875	  .	NULL
1876	 That and the inspection.	NULL
1877	 Oh, yeah, it's tough.	NULL
1878	 It's an FHA loan so they have to do an appraisal too. When the appraisal comes back  .	NULL
1879	 You what?	NULL
1880	 They gave me a hard time for being late.	NULL
1881	 You can  .	NULL
1882	 Congratulations. You're earlier than  late.	NULL
1883	 While Jasmine's bringing up the stories for the HTML5 stuff, I talked with Brian a few minutes ago about how to handle the TFS and the areas for iterations, so we'll just leave it all in the Notify path. We'll figure out what we're going to do in a quarter for Notify, but then we'll have to just be cognizant.	NULL
1884	 Technically, when you're working an Agile process, you're supposed to be able to release, if you want to, after every iteration, to production. We'll run it that way. We'll have this release of the Notify, whatever we want to call it, we need to decide that.	NULL
1885	 Like, your release that's going out in a month can have an iteration of coding and an iteration of test and release it, because there's still iterations within this, so that Mahesh and Baski might be working on stuff and so that's what we have to manage is how you can work on stuff that doesn't go...	NULL
1886	 You're just saying, put them somewhere, and then pull them into the actual iterations? Is that what you're talking about?	NULL
1887	 Yeah, but then some stuff won't probably be usable.	NULL
1888	  .	NULL
1889	 Because you have confirmed releases going on at the same time. We've got this HTML5 release.	NULL
1890	 I know.  .	NULL
1891	 Well, you can talk to Brian. Brian had a team that worked like that at the beginning, and he said it was just a nightmare to figure it out.	NULL
1892	 Was it different code bases or it was the same code base?	NULL
1893	 It didn't matter.	NULL
1894	 Are you talking about for this?	NULL
1895	 For HTML5.	NULL
1896	 Baski can...What's the situation?	NULL
1897	 We decided that...	NULL
1898	 I withdraw the question.	NULL
1899	 I don't mind providing an answer based on experience. You guys don't have to accept it at all, really. You can look at it either way. All I can do is just bring past experience to the table. You guys can make the decision if it's  . Do I need to go where I told you?	NULL
1900	 You can, but...	NULL
1901	 Or we can do it at a different time.	NULL
1902	 We've got two hours, so...	NULL
1903	 I guess my first thought is, if you're going to have a bunch of Notify stories, like Karen's doing them, some of them relate to the  .	NULL
1904	 What? You could have two different teams working on the same code base, and they'd still have the same release, is what Brian said. You could have people on the HTML5 team that are getting those stories, and other people...	NULL
1905	 At the end of the day, it is the same, unless we were going to branch the code base, they're all working on the same code base, and they all need to be checked in and ready to go.	NULL
1906	 working on the same thing.	NULL
1907	 Do you know? I thought we were.	NULL
1908	 Because HTML5's website  . I guess .	NULL
1909	 I know it's going to get sticky when we start talking about  and functionality too.	NULL
1910	 You're saying it's a tradeoff, I guess. If we have to deal with the stories  , that's a lot easier issue than if we have .	NULL
1911	 You really have two pieces of the puzzle. Number one is resource allocation. I have a set of resources, and they need to be working on something  . How much they do, I wouldn't be able to predict what functionalities .	NULL
1912	 Then the second side of the coin is we have code, it's spread out across a lot of different modules, or locations for the location in TFS and  what they're working on.	NULL
1913	  they're separated TFS, judging by the same, what your asset is.	NULL
1914	 There is TFS. My point is that, from my experience, allocating somebody 60 percent to one thing and 40 percent to another thing doesn't allow you to develop a true velocity for your team, so you'll never know what your team is capable of.	NULL
1915	 We tried that a while ago, and it didn't go well. It was very difficult to say... Because some people on the teams were split like 60-40. Others were split 30-30-30-10. A majority of it was based on what the project managers felt at the time.	NULL
1916	 Our production went down because of all the context switches everybody had to do. We found it better to say, "This team of six people is going to do one thing this iteration. You're going to do these stories this iteration. This team, you're going to do those stories."	NULL
1917	 Usually those stories stay within the same context, so this one might be Conversations, this one might be Reports, this one might be  . That's just my experience.	NULL
1918	 It was my understanding that it would be the same code base so that we could do things intermittently. Is that not true anymore? That's what we had talked about.	NULL
1919	 When we're talking about HTML that's not the solution.	NULL
1920	 There are going to be two websites.	NULL
1921	 Is it?	NULL
1922	 I think so.	NULL
1923	 Why?	NULL
1924	 I thought it wasn't. I thought we were doing it as one, so if we had this contract management stuff that was using the HTML5, it could sit on top of whatever we've got now.	NULL
1925	 No, I would be violently opposed to that.	NULL
1926	 If you're running it on your phone.	NULL
1927	 Like mobile and  . I don't think that's a good idea.	NULL
1928	 Mobile  but the HTML version of it, because it's going to be incomplete. I just thought in order to be able to release, the functionality that we want to release without someone thinking that this is a new version  .	NULL
1929	 I see. Like,  , for example, was working on the new version of their website  specific version , whereas if you just went to www.  version two website. You're saying throw in a different sub-domain until it's ready for production...	NULL
1930	 Unless there's another way to say it's the version that's going to come up if you're running on  or something like that. What I thought was the very first release we put out there you're going to be able to run on your phone and you go to this website. If you go to this website you can access it on your phone or your iPad.	NULL
1931	 Do we want our users to do anything differently if they get to this on devices that are currently unsupported?	NULL
1932	 Not ultimately. I thought that's a way to, like I said, without saying there's two versions and they decide which one you want, I thought it was the best way to present it to our user base, to say, "We have this mobile version of our website that you can access." Ultimately it replaces them. If there's a way to do that seamlessly without them knowing any difference...	NULL
1933	 We can determine at will whether or not the users are in  versus  .	NULL
1934	 The thing I don't want to happen is I don't want them to say, "Why is this? I lost my functionality." I have to have a way for them to get to it. I want them to know consciously that they're getting a subset of functionality, and that's what you get on your iPad or on your phone.	NULL
1935	 Another thing that you can do, and I've seen this pattern used on  as well, is that when I was in the newer version, functionality wasn't complete, but there was a bar across the top that said, "You're using a new version. If you'd like to go back to the older version that has all of these features, click on this link up there."	NULL
1936	 I'm thinking, at least early on, in the first couple of releases, it would be more like if I'm on a phone or an iPad, and I go and it says, "Function is not fully supported on this browser," so you're getting this subset domain.	NULL
1937	 Or, like I said, if they know ahead of time, we can just tell them, "You can use it on your iPad which is limited  ." I guess that's the way I envision it. We automatically detect...	NULL
1938	 But they wouldn't be able to go back to an older version on the Mac.	NULL
1939	 Yeah. Then the other thing we talked about a little bit and this is along the lines of what Darryl was thinking...	NULL
1940	 is as we add features, you basically launch it from the current website. If it's a new thing that we've done, you can go and it opens up a new HTML5 page on our current one, but you couldn't do that as a mobile thing.	NULL
1941	 Realistically, though, architecturally speaking, whether or not you wanted it on the website or the  ...	NULL
1942	 It's the same project.	NULL
1944	 All that, I'm going to figure out how, or that's just kind of the problem. I want to be able to release something without releasing it all.	NULL
1945	 Right.	NULL
1947	 For TFS, we can keep the Notify team, and then I can create...I've done this before, I have something called  , and then as those things are pushed into real iterations, I just move it over to that iteration, so we can keep all these stories in an HTML5 iteration.	NULL
1948	 However, that's not an iteration that's actually ever delivered. It gets put into the actual Notify iterations. Is that what you're saying?	NULL
1949	 If it's the same website, then obviously it's going to be the same release, and they're going to have to be able to get to them. If it's two different websites, then you could release one  . I think what you just said, we could work all those things out.	NULL
1950	 It should be easy enough to keep them separate. If there's a story that goes in that says, "You may be able to login," obviously, someone's not going to...Something a little more is needed on the side conversations which is,  .	NULL
1951	 What are we looking at here? What is Trello?	NULL
1952	 Trello is a project manager app. It's on the Web. It really makes it easy to add stuff in a way that people can see your project, the whole thing. What we did is we made different columns for each of the epic stories. You've got a login page, home page, navigation, maps, conversations, reports, training, all those are epic stories.	NULL
1953	 Under each epic story, we have a sub-story and then some of those sub-stories might have sub-stories under them, and those are check boxes right now.	NULL
1954	 Where are you going to use  ?	NULL
1955	 This is like a temporary thing to  .	NULL
1956	 It's a lot easier to view everything, than TFS is. What we want to do is get the stories right on this, and then move them over to TFS so that there's less work in the long run.	NULL
1957	 I guess for this exercise today, these are the epics and we can start trying to put some high-level estimates on them. At the end of the day, we really want to know how long this whole project, to get this whole thing turned over is going to take, the high levels and then we can work out which ones we want to try and do first and scope out that work.	NULL
1958	 We know we've got two quarters to work with. We've got Mahesh here for at least two quarters. That's the expectation we've given them.	NULL
1959	 Starting in April?	NULL
1960	 It started today, really. That's what we said. Now that could be tomorrow, or the next day, but...The iteration, first iteration starts today.	NULL
1961	 OK. This 1.20, Release 1.20 that I have in there right now, has got to go out at the end of the month, so that's two weeks. I'm assuming, because that has all the stuff from  , the changes, and anything else, I have that being set up, for us to figure out how that goes out within those two weeks. I'm assuming none of this will be in that first two weeks.	NULL
1962	 Well, there might be some stuff coded that right now that's not checked into the database, it's all...I don't know where Mahesh...	NULL
1963	 If there's something simple enough that it's a testable thing, it's just not used in production as long as it's testable...	NULL
1964	 Yes.	NULL
1965	 at some level, that's fine, we can stick it in there.	NULL
1966	 Come April, we need everything checked into that code base, in the Notify code base now, here and more so, an emergency release going on in a couple of weeks. None of this stuff...	NULL
1967	 OK, so I don't have to worry about that right now.	NULL
1968	 Right. What we want to do is on a big level, make sure that we captured everything here, and then see if we can figure out a general full-scope, figure out what we want to do first. Then that will end up being the first iteration, and at the end of this iteration we'll see what Mahesh has  . We have our Agile classes to know what's good.	NULL
1969	 Right now, Karen and I have had a class, Brian's done it, so as far as that process is concerned that's where we stand on that.	NULL
1970	 Have we decided for searching or asset arrangement under something?	NULL
1971	 I think it's under Home page.	NULL
1972	  ?	NULL
1975	  .	NULL
1976	 Search assets is under Navigation.	NULL
1977	 Navigation is the bar on the top, so the thing that was already in there and then in the report we added  Navigation.	NULL
1978	 OK.	NULL
1979	 Then on the home page this basically  .	NULL
1980	 Joel, what approach do you want to take for this, or Joel, Baski, or both of you all, as far as do we want to just make sure first that we've got all the functionality that old Notify can do?	NULL
1981	 I want to do that. That's ultimately, you have to have that but I don't want it to actually be  . I want to go see a pole on a map. I don't want to say, "Search, poles, ." I want the map to be part of the application.	NULL
1982	 You go to the map, on that map, you show whatever you want and from there, you can do what you want. There still has to be a way to filter down to something. I'm not real sure how to group that together in the sense of, say if I have something like a list of contracts.	NULL
1983	 They don't really have anything to do with the map. I still want to be able to have an intuitive way to get to my list of contracts. I don't know what's the best approach to that from a user perspective.	NULL
1984	 What I do want, if something is mappable I want to go to that page that has a map on it and it'd be like  . I could sit there and filter, which becomes my search criteria. Searching for conversations, poles, conduit and these are the criteria I want to find and it just displays that stuff.	NULL
1985	 If I want to, say, use a list, it shows the grid. That all makes sense. Maybe that becomes just the list and the map is just insignificant in that. But all that stuff is similar to the way they have it but not like where you have to go tab, tab, tab, where you can see all that at one time and place. That's the difference. I don't know where is goes under the...	NULL
1986	 Can you add notes to these parts?	NULL
1987	 Yeah.	NULL
1988	 Yeah.	NULL
1990	 Stories.	NULL
1992	 You can add all that as notes, so maybe that user can search for assets on that individual location, and then you can work off of that, build your Balsamiq step flow out of that. Then we can create real usable stories on that. Because I don't know what the user stories are for that because you haven't designed it yet.	NULL
1993	 That's why we did an epic for Navigation, as opposed to just for Search.	NULL
1994	 Because there's two things there. There's searching mappable assets and there's searching just assets that have absolutely nothing ever to do with the map. That Search Asset needs to be broken out into two different things.	NULL
1995	 That's why I'm saying like the contracts or whatever it is. It's almost like I don't want it to be a different approach. We're still filtering it down to, if you just want a map or not, the map is there. A lot of the times, I guess when it is...	NULL
1996	 You have it broken down a little bit more inside there.	NULL
1997	 You could use the technique like a bounding technique to kill off the things that are going to take three years to do and say, "I don't want to spend more than 50 points on this," or, "I don't want to spend more than 20 points on that." Whatever design you come up with, ultimately has to fall within those constraints.	NULL
1998	 I guess that's my big question on my mind. Do we go to this map page and see all these different components or do you go to an invoice page and you launch from there?	NULL
1999	 I think Darryl, your question, though, really is, "Do you want all of the stories or epics defined today?" We're not necessarily going to implement them all. We don't have to design them all right now but do we need to make sure all the functions are up here?	NULL
2000	 I just want to see if that's the best approach, to go through, make sure we've got all the functions covered and we know we want to also do this  functionality, so make sure that's covered. Brian, let me ask you this. Is it a standard practice that we would try to estimate all of these epics or is that even possible?	NULL
2001	 Or would it be better to just have something in mind and then break it down to prioritize it and start working it at according to level? At some point, I at least need to know, is this going to take six months or two years? But I don't want to spend forever on pie in the sky, how long is this going to take?	NULL
2002	 We're at a little bit of a disadvantage and at the same time, at a little bit of an advantage here because usually, when you have a project, somebody's throwing money at it and they want a particular piece of functionality.	NULL
2003	 That money's worth some amount of points. At that point, we say, "I'm going to give you X number of points because you've given me X number of dollars." We don't have that same philosophy here but we still know, you still intrinsically know, "I don't want to spend any more than this amount of time on this particular functionality."	NULL
2004	 At the high-level epic, I would still think that you can say, "You've got 50 points this iteration to do whatever you think can be done." If you need to break it out into epic one-stage one, epic two-stage two, that's still fine.	NULL
2005	 You still prioritize the highest priority ones up to epic one and say, "You've got 50 points on this and whatever you've got has got to fit into that block. Otherwise it falls down and you've got to do it somewhere else." That's what I recommend. We don't know exactly what this looks like but you've still got to rack and stack it.	NULL
2006	 Say, "I'm going to give you 50 points on this epic. I'm going to give you 20 on this one. I'm going to give you 70 on that one." That would at least let you progress through the first part of this and move on to more of the detailed design. You may end up with a detailed design and go, "Yeah, I could probably do a little bit more," or, a little bit less, it could go either way.	NULL
2007	 I want to make sure that we've got things covered and then I would say, maybe, start trying to prioritize a bit, the things that we want to be able to accomplish. Talk about the approach as far as checking in, maybe trying to get Jasmine up to speed a little bit on what Mahesh can do, cross-training and...The hardest part right now is resources on the back-end with Baski and Brian.	NULL
2008	 Jasmine and...	NULL
2009	 Mahesh.	NULL
2010	 Mahesh, are going to do the UI stuff?	NULL
2011	 Yeah.	NULL
2012	 UX stuff. 	NULL
2013	 One thing that I think that home page probably needs to be either split up or...I guess what we need is a conversations home page. What we have today, the home page, is basically your conversations where you launch new conversations and open existing conversations. That's got things like, Reports that go on their own home page.	NULL
2014	 Has what?	NULL
2015	 It's based on Corey's design.  all these tiles and then it also says,  to customize your tiles, edit your tiles on that system but editing on a home page is basically just this and then I think it says something like, "Save these conversations in a grid."	NULL
2016	 The tile changes within the display window, so if you click on, "My Conversations," it would be all the conversations that you're a part of, kind of like running a SafeSearch.	NULL
2017	 That's what Notify does today but then you also have the ability to open search. I found that to be  . I guess that's where I'm struggling with what the design's going to look like.	NULL
2018	 You can start at Search. You can have that be the first tile that's selected every time you login.	NULL
2019	 We don't have to get the detailed design for this right now.	NULL
2020	 I'm just trying to find a way that would be an epic  home page.	NULL
2021	 Yeah, that's not really an epic because it has a bunch of other stuff in it.	NULL
2022	 Like I said, I want all that to be integrated, on one page per se. I'd love for it to be like a map here and this is what you're seeing. Like, "This is where I'm doing my work now." If I want to do some adjustment to what's my data set, I want it to be  . Maybe it's like  and the search and it's just advanced, "This is what I want to see."	NULL
2023	 How's that different from the map? I don't want to now go to the map.	NULL
2024	 You don't want just the Notify replacement. You want to enhance...?	NULL
2025	 Right, I want it to...What you want that user experience to be...They just have to be able to do what they can do, ultimately.	NULL
2026	 It doesn't have to  , they just have to do what they can do.	NULL
2027	 I'm not 100 percent  with what we've got.	NULL
2028	 This is based on a meeting that we had with you last week. These were the epics that we came up with in that meeting and we ran with that from there.	NULL
2029	 I know we said, "Home page, basically that's where you're going to  ." I think when we talked about that, how will that tie this together?	NULL
2030	 You want the home page to just be  ?	NULL
2031	 I guess it's like Zhivago, that website we were looking at. You go and you zoom, your home page, it's got a map in the background, it's got a place so you can say, turn on what you want to see.	NULL
2032	  .	NULL
2033	 To me that's like what...	NULL
2034	 Or like Zillow, you start by putting in an address. You come here and pick the context of, "Buy," "Rent," "Sell," or, their estimating thing. Then you put in your address and click Search and it takes you to that area.	NULL
2035	  .	NULL
2036	 Either way, you can still have an epic of home page, or whatever. There's going to be a page when you logon that you go to. What's in that particular page might be different.	NULL
2037	 Zillow is probably the best example.	NULL
2038	 Is the name going to be that conversation  ? When someone logs on, here's my work and I can go from there and do my thing, I guess.	NULL
2039	 That's what we were doing with the tiles was that picks the context of what shows up in the main view area. Like you have here on the right, you've got things that you might be looking for. Instead of that we've got tiles of how you can change what's being searched for. If you only want to see the conversations that you're assigned to you click that tile. Then that's all that it displays.	NULL
2040	 That all lends itself to this Notify being conversation-centric. Is that your question? To continue it that way?	NULL
2041	 Right. But what I'm saying is that if when you login you're on the Search screen, instead of My Conversations you're on the Search screen, there's just a map there. Then you can add your search criteria from there. That's where you go to every time you login.	NULL
2042	 If you wanted to see My Conversations instead of that map all you have to do, instead of running your own search and doing that every time you're going to search...	NULL
2043	 Right. Then you just click the tile and that's what shows up in that viewing area.	NULL
2044	 Where does the epic for the map come in? Is that a subset of...?	NULL
2045	 Maybe it would just be under the Search. Although you're saying you want the Search to also just show the map side-by-side, like have a list view and then a map view?	NULL
2046	 The reason that we made the map that's on the epic is because there was a lot of pieces involved in just the map. There was drawing bounding area. There was adding search criteria. There was searching for different types of assets.	NULL
2047	 That can be fine. It may be under the area of the implications, just another area of the functionality.	NULL
2048	 Right. It's a part.	NULL
2049	 Here's an example of what I hope we can avoid. Today when you logon you've got your list of conversations. You can change that to say, "My Conversations," "Conversations assigned to me," use the same search and everything.	NULL
2050	 Open the conversation from there, but you can't just go search for conversations that you want and you can't go show those conversations on the map. If you want to do that you have to click Search, select Conversations, do your search, go all the way down and see that on the map, so it's duplicate functionality in two different places, neither of which has got everything you need to do.	NULL
2051	 There's a lot of crossover but what I want to avoid is...I'd almost rather have a Conversation page, and you can search and you can show the map, than have it the way it is today.	NULL
2052	 Do it all on one page.	NULL
2053	 Right. Maybe it's like you have your home page and you're doing it, or maybe you duplicate these for different things like for  and for conversations, and  .	NULL
2054	 What I was actually thinking of was home page, maybe Conversation home page. I don't know if that's worth doing or not but, like I said, I don't want to have duplicate areas of that.	NULL
2055	 Right. This gets rid of that because it's the same viewing area, so you would be able to see your conversations on the grid, and a map, and a calendar. If you have My Conversations selected, then you can do that with those conversations. Or, if you have Search selected, and you add search criteria, you get the same kind of list, map, and calendar options.	NULL
2056	 Basically, you're thinking of it being a way you set your criteria of what you're seeing and then you can save it as a tile. That's what this is.	NULL
2057	 Yes, exactly.	NULL
2058	 I guess we can shift that to develop things then to me, one of the first things you're going to do in this version is go down, logon and that gets you to the Conversation page, if you're on, let's say a mobile device and say, "What do I want to see on here and..."	NULL
2059	 When you login on the mobile device all you see are the tiles. Once you click the tile that's when it brings up whatever you put it in. On a mobile device you can't have it to where you just logon and it  , you have to know what you're searching for.	NULL
2060	 When we have all that real estate then we can show the search area on a big map, and all that stuff, but we're dealing with such a small space we have to give them the choice when they logon of what they want to see next.	NULL
2061	 I just want to make sure, however we're set up for release, we have the ability to do it that way  .	NULL
2062	 You don't really have to have home page to think of it, "This is the way we're going to organize the tiles and these things." You're going to have Reporting, so that's an epic and whatever's involved in that. You have your Conversations and then whatever's involved in that. Maybe that's the way you should organize it. Like, "Manage conversation," is your epic and however that's designed.	NULL
2063	  .	NULL
2064	 OK, well then maybe some of these things need to be moved over to the Conversations.	NULL
2065	 Yeah, I think so. I like...	NULL
2066	 You can get rid of this concept of this home page.	NULL
2067	 This whole concept needs to be managing joint use now. We need to start thinking of Notify as managing joint use and joint use relationships because that's what we want it to be. We need the personas...	NULL
2068	 It's managing assets and then actions. I think there's still going to be two.	NULL
2069	 Yeah, but you're still...	NULL
2070	 Then the asset  .	NULL
2071	 If you think about it from a mirror image perspective, it's like, "Now I want to go and deal with my contracts." Is that all? Then you've got to bring in some kind of navigation because you have to have the flow of how you get back to  and you'd put that under Navigation.	NULL
2072	 But you might have...	NULL
2073	 But Reports is in both.	NULL
2074	 Yeah.	NULL
2075	 Ideally, when we get mature in this whole process we're going to know our personas for everybody that's a user of this system and start from there. Right now, we've taken this Notify thing and we're going to try to redesign it and move some of the functionality in.	NULL
2076	 But when we start thinking of, "80 percent of my users are attachers doing this. 70 of them are, or 10 percent of them are managers of joint use departments and pole owners and this is what they're going to want to do." That's going to drive what...	NULL
2077	 Zillow you've got the buy, sell, rent, zestimate. You could literally almost come in and say, "I'm an attacher."	NULL
2078	 Or just know by...	NULL
2079	 The user tag what type of user you are.	NULL
2080	 We already have that knowledge. We have Notify for the most part for, what, seven, eight years? We have that knowledge. Why isn't that name they go by the same? We know Notify for a long time. We know all the software of Notify  .	NULL
2081	 I think we have to. I think his design does  , but I'm just not sure, like if I'm sitting here saying, "We're going to work on this epic..."	NULL
2082	 He's just trying to organize the users' stories, not...	NULL
2083	 Is this going to allow us to come up with iterations that...?	NULL
2084	 The different swath of epics would be  . Not all of them would be by role. Not only would you have epics on both the slides but then you might have, underneath that, another swath of epics for that particular epic that you're breaking down by a particular role.	NULL
2085	 You might have a home page for the attacher versus a home page for the, give me some roles, asset manager versus contract manager versus...	NULL
2086	 If I was going to say, "How are we going to do this, first?" I would be of the mindset to say, "I can do it with My Conversations. Forget the Contracts. List the Conversations, they're there." I can logon. Somehow I can get my list of conversations I care about. I can open one of those conversations. Then I can see what I need to be doing. I can see that information.	NULL
2087	 Some of this lays out right here, but I guess maybe the epics might be, and I don't know if home page is the right word but at some point I want to manage my conversations. At some point I want to be able to manage my poles. At some point I want to be able to look at my conduit.	NULL
2088	 You want to manage a project, as well, for our internal people. That's completely different.	NULL
2089	 That's something that's maybe  not really there. In Notify it's there right now. But to me, managing a project is the combination of those conversations and assets. That's more of a, "How do I take all of these assets I have and these things I have to do and reconcile those together?"	NULL
2090	 Maybe, for me, I might feel better if the epic was the conversations for the home page. Maybe just say an assets page.  and when I open the next asset, and the next asset, so I don't have to open up these things...	NULL
2091	 Basically, what you've done is you've pulled a list of these things, these conversations that you're managing. I can see where you should be able to search for them using your tools on the map and you should be able to save them using tools like your map, like a calendar and all those things, and dictate what subset of those conversations you want to see.	NULL
2092	 That's what you're sort of doing. I don't know that having them somewhere  falls into that same thing.	NULL
2093	 What's the Search at the top and the Search as a tile? That's confusing to me. What does that mean?	NULL
2094	 I think the navigation bar, that's always up there. On the level lines the tiles are going to move off the screen when you're on another page because they're not roving, so you have the bar up there so you can click it or  so you click it or  and get the tiles.	NULL
2095	 Yeah, you're not always going to get them on the home page with the conversations but if you go back to...	NULL
2096	 Search.	NULL
2098	 I don't think we're accomplishing much right now. I'm not sure where we're going.	NULL
2099	 It depends on what we really need to accomplish and what that is. I feel like we talked about, six months ago, "What are the first things to do?"	NULL
2100	 That's right.	NULL
2101	 Yeah. I think the only thing we need to think about is...We've talked about the most valuable thing, I think, for Notify is going to be getting this JRM functionality in it. We know, if we're going to be selling this JRM, all these JRMs...	NULL
2102	 That's where things have somewhat changed a little bit. We know that's going to be very valuable. We also know we want to get this dashboard somehow integrated because that's proved to be very valuable. We just need to make sure that when we're doing this application now as HTML5...	NULL
2103	 If we went down the thought process of, "Let's login. Now let me view My Conversations. Now let me add it," like we talked about before, we need to at least make sure that navigationally, when we're bringing in this JRM and dashboard functionality and stuff, we don't make that ancillary to doing a conversation and, "Now we're doing this management," and it's off to the side.	NULL
2104	 I think we need to think of it as, "I'm a user. This is what I'm trying to do." I agree with you that that might still be the very first thing we do, we just need to think about, "I'm Maggie and I might be doing this and this. Right now all I can do is open my conversation but in six months I'm going to be managing JRMs, so am I going to completely change home screens, now?" That's all.	NULL
2105	 Let me just put this back  . The one thing that's holding me back from going down this one path we're about to go down is the fact that we might want to see two things, right?	NULL
2106	 Conduit and  . What do we think about that? We think about what we're going to do is right now you can go in there and say, "You go to the Search screen. That gives you a list of everything you can possibly want to look at." I can go to a checkbox and choose. Basically, this home page, there is a home page for each thing that we want to manage.	NULL
2107	 That would be a little bit along the lines of the JRMs. The thing right here is good but let's just say you're saying, "Conversations." If your tiles maybe say, "Searches," and your other thing is, "Create a new one," something like that, then you may go to a similar home page for poles, which has the exact same layout but you're talking about poles instead of conversations.	NULL
2108	 I think, at some point, particularly when we get to the map and  the map if it makes sense to let's say it may have additional things that you could view as reference. That can be something that we put on a back burner.	NULL
2109	 You can think about that home page epic. There's one of those per each thing. I think we did get into a little bit of trouble because there's a lot of things we can't do on a conversation page that tries to stay open and generic.	NULL
2110	 We can't search for a conversation that has an attachment on it that belongs to this company because we're trying to do something generic. It's an easy query but we  do something  .	NULL
2111	 We can at least leave ourselves the ability to do some very specific things on that  . That way we could easily start out with Conversations and we could have a parallel path to look at the same thing for contracts because we have  contracts.	NULL
2112	 That would lend itself to being more like JRM where, say you're home, you login and you go to a home page that right now it's all linked but you've got a home page that has everything that you can do. You've got assets, billing, reference data...	NULL
2113	 People like that.	NULL
2114	 workflow, with everything underneath it. You click on Poles and then you've got your links to all the things you can do on the poles.	NULL
2115	 If there's a person that only has Notify for joint use, or whatever...	NULL
2116	 Then you could just take them there. They go directly to the conversation.	NULL
2117	 they go directly to the landing spot or whatever.	NULL
2118	 People did say, up in class,  they really like the organization of JRM. It's very easy to know exactly what you're doing and go into it because of the way that home page is done.	NULL
2119	 That's fine.	NULL
2120	 That makes it a little...	NULL
2121	 It's not far off from what we have right here. The thing is the map is going to be integrated into that page, at least when you're on a desktop situation.	NULL
2122	 Out of curiosity, where is it that I see the map?	NULL
2123	 We don't show it here.	NULL
2124	 Where the grid is right now.	NULL
2125	 It would be right here.	NULL
2126	 It would be where the grid is right now.	NULL
2127	 The way I would see some of these things is if you think about a Web page you can move, it can collapse the search criteria, or you can collapse your saved searches. You can bring down the list versus the map.	NULL
2128	 Just like the home search sites where you'd start on the map and then you can add criteria to it to narrow your search down. If you only want to see single family homes, or condos, you can filter that out. That would be like poles or...	NULL
2129	 Everything that would be searchable in here would be similar to a search-based scenario where if you're doing poles, or you bring up a house or I can filter it down. I can see the list. I can see the map and it's just going to  .	NULL
2130	 The big difference to me that would be a little bit more like year-end is if somebody wants to go search for poles, they don't click Search and then, say, "Look for poles." They'd be like, "I'm going to poles."	NULL
2131	 I'm going to the poles site.	NULL
2133	 Yeah, I like that.	NULL
2134	 As opposed to going Search, select that, put it in your criteria, then click the tab, and it shows you the map.	NULL
2135	 Sometimes, you don't have to put criteria in. You can just go right to the map. That was confusing in my class in Connecticut to them.	NULL
2136	 If there's just something I want, I can click on it.	NULL
2137	 The functionality is there.	NULL
2138	 If you've got the tab functionality other than the Conversation.	NULL
2139	 The functionality is there. The user experience is not the same. For us, it's fine because we know.	NULL
2140	 Yeah, we've done it forever.	NULL
2141	 But there's still certain things you have to know before I click Search, and go to the map, and then it incorporates that. That's the thing we're trying to solve, so if you want to just change that epic  .	NULL
2142	 Conversation  ?	NULL
2143	 We'll do it specific conversations  because then it's  . We want it to be really in the next iteration...	NULL
2144	 I like that. Now we've got all of this. Is what is in here all the Notify current functionality?	NULL
2145	 Yes.	NULL
2146	 That's what's here?	NULL
2147	 Mm-hmm.	NULL
2148	 What we need then, is, we need specific things with dashboard, sharing functionality, and managing projects.	NULL
2149	 Is the dashboard Baski's dashboard integrating that into Notify? Is that what that is?	NULL
2150	 I think so. Baski, you can speak up if that's...	NULL
2151	 I would say we should be able to do a conversation dashboard, and then maybe a project dashboard.	NULL
2152	  .	NULL
2153	 Like what you've been doing is project dashboards, because they're very specific too. But a conversation dashboard would be basically using dates and  .	NULL
2154	 What we need is a way to have a dashboard that takes certain tools that are on the dashboard, and they are received from a certain way of passing in data, so that it doesn't have to be a new dashboard built every time.  was talking about doing a data source for it.	NULL
2155	 If you do it similarly to the way you did the map and the grid, you just design, "This is the way I want to see the data," so you could build it in to where it's behind the scenes for the data source. But I think also you can do a non-specific, because we know the Conversation...	NULL
2156	 Have the statuses.	NULL
2157	 has a create date, it has a timer, it has a status, it has  ...	NULL
2158	 You could pie chart and get the statuses based on time.	NULL
2159	 It has mappable features. A lot of the things that you do already, whether we come up with that generic thing that speeds up open conversations. That's an epic, probably, as far as...	NULL
2160	 That's all.	NULL
2161	 Scroll down on your conversation home page, a generic search. What does that mean?	NULL
2162	 Generic search for a conversation. It was generic because there were other searches on that list, but...	NULL
2163	 I would call that basically, "You can filter your results," because you know you're there, you're there in the conversation.	NULL
2164	 Hit, "Filter results," that's probably a good way to do it. Just, "Filter results," you don't need the "search" in there.	NULL
2165	 Those things are basically just some kind of saved searches. From a user story...	NULL
2166	 When we create the stories, we could put that under, "User can filter the results," and these are some examples inside that Filter Results.	NULL
2167	 That's a good example of user story that reminds me again of SafeSearch.	NULL
2168	 Yeah, because we can't see the recently changed things, so that's new, which they've asked for a long time.	NULL
2169	 I would say, for as far as what we're doing today, I can have Jasmine get with Baski and Joel or something, and get some dashboard stories and make an epic for the dashboard and when you get with me, we'll make some stories on a JRM functionality. Joel's got some ideas on that.	NULL
2170	 I think as far as the iteration to start with, if we can get a website up,  .	NULL
2171	 By credentials.	NULL
2172	 By credentials. There's things we can put in an iteration so that in two weeks when we have our...	NULL
2173	 Let's think about, right now, what our resources are. Baski's fairly limited for how long? I know you've been working with Mahesh, but you've got a relatively full plate for...	NULL
2174	 We've got Fast Path.	NULL
2175	 Fast Path and...We need to make sure we can fit some user storage in there to keep Mahesh going. What's happening right now? You've got your user environment set up in your...? How are these designs that Corey's given being implemented right now?	NULL
2176	 We're translating them to  .	NULL
2177	 For the user, we're working on an accommodation page.	NULL
2178	 As far as the data source for it right now, is it just some mocked up data, or nothing at all, or...?	NULL
2179	  .	NULL
2181	 It needs to be done concurrently, because what we're talking about here is something that is  . I can't do my conversation page without there being a data source that provides me conversations.	NULL
2182	 Going back to the previous experience again, having two different swaths of stories, one for  and one for  , is just a really bad idea, because you can't test all of that until the very end when  is done, and when UI is done. When you hook it up, 90 percent of the time, it breaks, profusely.	NULL
2183	 But what we can do, given this current situation, we could have a pre-iteration type thing. Where this is a design iteration, or a design two iterations, but it's relatively usable, I mean it's usable stuff that they're doing, in lieu of...	NULL
2184	 There's nothing prohibiting us from doing that. A lot of the time it happens that  is too fast and UI's not fast enough. Or UI's too fast and  's not fast enough. It happens.	NULL
2185	 Having the ability to mock data like that keeps it moving, and then you can present it at a demo, and say, "Yeah, I know it's not hooked up yet. This is mock data and this is what we've been working on." That's still less expensive than doing a total rewrite at the end when you realize, that "Hey, this is not what I wanted. This is not what I signed up for."	NULL
2186	 Yeah.	NULL
2187	 Mock data probably is a really good tool.	NULL
2188	 Like you said, it allows the users, or the owner to look at it and see, "Is this the right direction?" while we're waiting for you guys to be ready.	NULL
2189	 It's all got to integrate together at some point.	NULL
2190	 Better sooner rather than later.	NULL
2191	 It seems like year-end. I would like to have an iteration. It might not be what I envision in the sense of  page but that I can logon with the same credentials and I can see a list of conversations...	NULL
2192	 Yeah, if it can at least do that right now.	NULL
2193	 Or if it can pull up what's assigned to me.	NULL
2194	 Let's estimate that from both sides, from whatever Baski needs to do, whatever Mahesh is going to...	NULL
2195	 Is there anything wrong with that being the user story, "I can login and see a list of My Conversations"?	NULL
2196	 I think I can login is one page. I can go to the website, be presented with a login page and then provide my credentials.	NULL
2197	 OK, is one story.	NULL
2198	 You can very well have an acceptance criteria that says, "When I login I'm redirected to a page that shows me what stuff is assigned to me." That's perfectly valid.	NULL
2199	  .	NULL
2201	 Yeah, work together, right.	NULL
2202	 It could be dummy data until that's done, but that's perfectly legitimate.	NULL
2203	 That you're presented with a login screen is valid, too, but then, what happens after you get in...?	NULL
2204	 into it. Something with  .	NULL
2205	 That way, I can create a test case for it, and give to someone...	NULL
2206	 that if you login and it says, "Notify page coming," at least you've logged in. 	NULL
2207	 There's nothing wrong with that.	NULL
2208	 Then, once we have that, then you can start with testing the website, "I want to be able to register," and that's all for a different path and it's so easy to get  .	NULL
2209	 I can't do it, but...	NULL
2210	 That give us...This is the best way I can think of to...	NULL
2211	 Yeah.	NULL
2212	 I don't want to end up doing all these great pieces and then  .	NULL
2213	 That's why I like epics. I look at all of these bullets that are underneath that and really, the stories that go underneath an epic are the acceptance criteria for the epic.	NULL
2214	 There's nothing prohibiting anybody from creating a top-level epic that says, "Release 1.0Then nest all your epics underneath that and maybe have an even higher level epic on the conversation home page where it just says, "Epic home page," which has all the epics for all the different types of home pages that we have, conversation, reporting, whatever you want to say.	NULL
2215	 There's nothing prohibiting that. Then, even having the dashboard underneath the epic conversation home page, where there's an epic conversation dashboard, there's nothing prohibiting that. Again, it allows it to roll it up to where the epic has acceptance criteria, because all of these are acceptance criteria on each of the epics.	NULL
2216	 It's up to whoever's flushing the story out to determine whether or not they want to create stories for that, because even the stories can become epics if you break those down. Nothing prohibiting that.	NULL
2217	 We need to try our best to come up with a list of doable work/stories for this iteration, and then maybe between us meeting together a few times, some of us in the next two weeks while that's being worked, try to start coming up with a good backlog of stuff so that we're not sitting here each time trying to come up with  what we need to do.	NULL
2218	 In the Agile classes, we're always taught the user story, "As a something-something user, I can do this," and we'll have a task that needs to be done to accomplish that as far as the development tasks go.	NULL
2219	 Correct, but, a project manager or ScrumMaster or a product owner think the whole notion of an epic is a set of related user stories. We haven't gone to users and said, "Hey, what do you want this to do?" If we did, this would be a lot more trivial.	NULL
2220	 I know, it's hard.	NULL
2221	 What we have now is what we think is the problem with our existing application, and what we think is the right solution for it.	NULL
2222	 We're attacking it from the opposite side. We're attacking it from the top down instead of the bottom up. Now I've got a placeholder for blah, and I need it to do blah really, really well, but I don't know what blah looks like yet.	NULL
2223	 This is again, going back to release planning. All of that, if we do it the right way, will be laid out ahead of time, so when we come in here, we're not talking about, "What stories are we missing?" We're talking about, "What needs to go into release one? What needs to go in relation to release whatever?" We've got to get to that point.	NULL
2224	 Right now, not only does Baski have the Fast Path stuff, but then this Friday we got put on us that we have to do this other being able to logon and  through the Notify. You don't know about any of this, Karen, but the map...	NULL
2225	 the MapPoint, get rid of MapPoint...	NULL
2226	 Get rid of MapPoint.	NULL
2227	 and all of that. Baski said he would need to do that.	NULL
2228	 the Notify stuff. At any rate, we have limited...We have deadlines for things, but we have Mahesh here. I really want to know from Baski what direction should we take as far as the next two weeks?	NULL
2229	  with the data.  Notify.	NULL
2230	 We've got what they've got for mock up.	NULL
2231	 I know.  .	NULL
2232	 In two weeks we've got a URL, and you logon, and it checks your credentials through the Notify test, whatever, database, and he's got that home page with that data behind it.	NULL
2233	  .	NULL
2234	 Male Participant? Are we going to say we're going to have the three  ?	NULL
2235	 Yeah,  .	NULL
2236	 Three what?	NULL
2237	 Three devices, phone, tablet...	NULL
2238	 OK, got you.	NULL
2239	 Phone, tablet, tablet.	NULL
2240	 Phone, tablet, tablet, right. 	NULL
2241	 Mahesh, can you estimate doing that? 	NULL
2242	 The user story, "You can login with a tablet, you can login with a phone, and you can login with your PC"?	NULL
2243	 Yes.	NULL
2244	 Those are the acceptance criteria.	NULL
2245	 Those are going to be the sort of constants. Because that can be responsibly done and basically says, "That's it."	NULL
2246	 I would love to actually really create test cases  supposed to be doing that so that those are in there all the time.	NULL
2247	 If we keep it all together, we keep Baski's stories that we're working on, the other five stories that we're working on in this iteration...	NULL
2248	 Yeah, if that could be done in the two weeks, then they could all be in 1.20.	NULL
2249	 2.0Female Participant:  Oh, you want to change the release?	NULL
2250	 I think if the release is...	NULL
2251	 She's saying you can include it in 1.20 without...We're not releasing any of this to the public in 2.0Female Participant:  Right.	NULL
2252	 No. No, we're not.	NULL
2253	 But they'll be in there.	NULL
2254	 It can be released without anybody knowing it's there.	NULL
2255	 As 1.20, because I have bug fixes in there.	NULL
2256	 Yeah. That's fine. I was just saying, as we start this thing...	NULL
2257	 What's being worked on then right now?	NULL
2258	 we should change it to 2.0Male Participant:  What's being worked on then?	NULL
2259	 The two stories you did before I left, that weren't released for production yet.	NULL
2260	 All that's been built.	NULL
2261	 That's been built and is ready to go, it just hasn't been released to production yet. I've got to look at the permitting thing on the conduit.	NULL
2262	 The question is, "Is it going to be rebuilt?"	NULL
2263	 Yes, we'll need a rebuild.	NULL
2264	 What's being changed?	NULL
2265	 What's in there right now, what's going to be changed?	NULL
2266	 What you used in training, everything, as far as I know, works that's there already. I just have to put it in production.	NULL
2267	 Right. But there are some other things that came up that I need to talk to you all about, which is in...Did I schedule that meeting yet? I don't know that I did yet. There are some other things that might need to be changed in the next two weeks. I don't know.	NULL
2268	 If we do this, what we're talking about, it shouldn't impact anything that's in existing production. If it's a different URL, then we know  URL.	NULL
2269	 Will there be something that I can test under that bit, whatever is going to be developed?	NULL
2270	 Test what?	NULL
2271	 The login.	NULL
2272	 She doesn't want something checked in, we deploy the current Notify, and we've screwed something up. That's all she's worried about.	NULL
2273	 I already told her this. We are not touching anything code wise, without  needs to be doing.	NULL
2274	 It's not going to be the same URL for this.	NULL
2275	 It's a different URL. After the case is opened up, that's it. There's nothing going to change the current Notify functionality. Nothing. You just login, often because we have to check into Notify, that's it. Other than that, it's not going to be anything more on Notify. You're not going to affect any process and applications.	NULL
2276	 But if I'm still putting it under that TFS case is it something I'm going to be able to test within the next two weeks?	NULL
2277	 Yeah. That's what we said. We're going to do it and within two weeks. Of course, we haven't let him answer the question yet of his estimate price. We're assuming that we will be able to.	NULL
2278	 I'll make sure that you know exactly what to do. How about that? That way when you guys want, you can test this new functionality. No confusion.	NULL
2279	 Can you do that?	NULL
2280	 Yes.	NULL
2281	  Mahesh?	NULL
2282	 I don't have  .	NULL
2283	 Which page?	NULL
2284	 We don't have any login mock ups at all. He's just doing a page.	NULL
2285	 We need it.	NULL
2286	 You have the app for mobile.	NULL
2287	 and then he can mock up something.	NULL
2288	 Big happy face if they login. Big sad face if they can't do it.	NULL
2289	 Give them two fingers if it's successful, and one finger if it's not.	NULL
2290	 Make sure it's the middle finger.	NULL
2291	 That's a user experience, isn't it?	NULL
2292	 Can we make it like a blue screen of death?	NULL
2293	 OK, so Corey's got to mock that up. What about that conversation on the page that you've been working on?	NULL
2294	  release.	NULL
2295	 But you've been working on it.	NULL
2296	 We started this one.	NULL
2297	 Is that an open conversation, or is that a list of conversations, is it one single?	NULL
2298	 We will provide the front page with conversations.	NULL
2299	 The front page with a list?	NULL
2300	 Yes.	NULL
2302	 That's what we'll do. We login. We land on some page that shows a list of conversations.	NULL
2303	 That still bothers me, having to do  .	NULL
2304	  .	NULL
2305	 Is that responsive design right now where it's...?	NULL
2306	 Yeah, it's responsive.	NULL
2307	  . I'm going to use the same thing we had on the other page. I need to remove .	NULL
2308	 Within two weeks...? Do you have an estimate for doing that without having any data hooked up behind it?	NULL
2309	 Yeah, we don't need to do that again. Basically change.	NULL
2310	 Then, once Corey gets that login mocked up, we'll see if we can get all that.	NULL
2311	 Two weeks is the 25th, are we saying? We're counting today, or not counting today?	NULL
2312	 Stating today.	NULL
2313	 I'd say two weeks again, a full two weeks.	NULL
2314	 I might be off one week. I didn't decide which week.	NULL
2315	 In this two weeks? OK. 	NULL
2316	 Your login was not successful.	NULL
2317	 You have two remaining attempts.	NULL
2318	 Be careful. We're recording now.	NULL
2319	 What was that Jim Carey thing where he plays the  ?	NULL
2320	  .	NULL
2321	 Do we want to put any other stories in there?	NULL
2322	 Let's branch off. I would say, maybe we can...	NULL
2323	 Open a given single conversation?	NULL
2324	 Yeah, we'll get that story and Karen can create a story. I'm sure Jasmine can help create stories.	NULL
2325	 After that, then you can do that under that epic conversation story. We've got a pretty decent list of things that will just be  .	NULL
2326	 Yeah. We'll do that. I will try to come up with...	NULL
2327	 action. I can see the entities, I can see the contacts. I can sign in. Although there should be stories listed under there.	NULL
2328	 I'm going to try to come up with JRM stories.	NULL
2329	 The epics costs.	NULL
2330	 The problem is, TFS...	NULL
2331	 I've got much better ideas after this conversation.	NULL
2332	 support for epics sucks. Because we can't do this with TFS 2012. We can do this a little bit better with 2013, but we have multi-level epics and we can't do it with TFS.	NULL
2333	 Should I have her not even create the epic in TFS, just do the user story?	NULL
2334	 Probably just user stories.	NULL
2335	 We could use this and it's free, so we could use this for having epics stuff.	NULL
2336	 As long as we stick with one. I don't want some person creating on Google Docs, somebody's creating on this, somebody's creating on that.	NULL
2337	 We'll use TFS as the actual user stories, just for organizing it's fine.	NULL
2338	 Yeah, as long as everybody uses this, maybe not different ways  .	NULL
2339	 This is more, if you want to go and look at all of the epics.	NULL
2340	 Well, the 2013 has got an epic work board that looks exactly like this.	NULL
2341	 All right. I'm going to try to come up with JRM stories. Joel, I think, maybe the assignment stories. Managing project, I'll send those to Jasmine. Corey's going to create the mock up for the logon page.	NULL
2342	 Desktop, tablet, and mobile.	NULL
2343	 The hash key's working on that? Baski's going to...Baski or Brian, or both.	NULL
2344	 Those things for assignments  .	NULL
2345	 Either way we'll need user stories for the single file version. Even if it's just like this. Then, I guess, we will meet tomorrow to go over the Fast Path stuff.	NULL
2346	 When you set up a date  report for Fast Path.	NULL
2347	 What are you saying, "Fast pass," or...?	NULL
2348	 Fast Path.	NULL
2349	 Fast Path.	NULL
2350	 Fast Path.	NULL
2351	 Fast Path. Bold. Bold.	NULL
2352	 F-A-S-T, space, P-A-T-H. That's just a name that Eversource uses for some reason.	NULL
2353	 I keep hearing Disney. I don't know why. Disney Fast Pass.	NULL
2354	  Fast Path. Path. Like a walkway, pathway.	NULL
2355	 That's just what they called it. They wanted a fast path to...	NULL
2356	 It's a bulk edit.	NULL
2357	 It's a, "Don't make me click here, here, here, here and here to enter the thing I do all the time."	NULL
2358	 Enter Corey. 	NULL
2359	 When I do it 500 times. That's what it is.	NULL
2360	 Only me and you, and Des and Anne are in that. I don't have anybody else here in on that meeting.	NULL
2361	 Does it have any non-budget  ?	NULL
2362	 Have you decided  ?	NULL
2363	 I don't have a good answer from them.	NULL
2364	 Des was sick on Friday, so Karen never got to ask her.	NULL
2365	 Des still  .	NULL
2366	 They were good.	NULL
2367	 I want them to understand what the options are...	NULL
2368	 and for us to come up with...It shouldn't be a real long meeting, but just come up with the direction is what the purpose of it is.	NULL
2369	 Just to say, "This is what we're doing," and then build from there, unless you...	NULL
2370	 His preference is another app. That's not my preference.	NULL
2371	 His preference is what?	NULL
2372	 His preference is a Web app.	NULL
2373	 Windows app.	NULL
2374	 Windows app. My preference is an import-export inside Notify thing.	NULL
2375	 I mean, Baski's right. If it needs to be, if we need to provide dropdowns and things, that's very helpful.	NULL
2376	 That may make it much, much better for them.	NULL
2377	 I'm perfectly fine with that. I just don't want to force someone to go get another tool now. If that's where their direction is, then that's perfectly fine with me. If it makes the most sense for us.	NULL
2378	 Best of both worlds is, Baski can do that within Notify, not a Windows app. Did you ever look at that, Baski?	NULL
2379	 I looked at the  , I didn't get a chance to explore.	NULL
2380	 That's the best of both worlds.	NULL
2381	 Yeah. That would be the best of both worlds in there.	NULL
2382	 We decided Baski was going to see if that was possible  . 	NULL
2383	 The first implementation of this would be the print people entering the survey stuff, because that's where  came up with. Those are their engineers. Eversource engineers and Frontier engineers. Frontier is the ones that were complaining, like, "No, heck, I'm not using Notify, because it sucks."	NULL
2384	 All they do this complain and complain. It's like, "Stop."	NULL
2385	 But the problem was Frontier's not going to do it for whatever reason. Eversource was forced to do it for them. They don't have the capacity to keep doing, click here, click here, click here, click here. Eversource would ideally want Frontier to do their own surveys.	NULL
2386	 Both need to be able to do it quickly and efficiently, because they both have surveys to do.	NULL
2387	 The engineers take it to the field?	NULL
2388	 Ideally that would be great. I don't know that that's a necessarily a requirement right now. That's what I'm getting from them.	NULL
2389	 Anybody can leave.	NULL
2390	 Anything we could take to the field to me would be more important. This is the problem, if Frontier refuses to do it still, they're going to have to do it desktop. That would be the most likely...	NULL
2391	 so that we can coordinate?	NULL
2392	 I think Daryl needs to prioritize it first because it sounds like we already have two projects going on concurrently. We need to focus.	NULL
2393	 I know. Let me see if I can conference you, I'm going to put you on hold.	NULL
2394	 OK.	NULL
2395	 Thanks.	NULL
2397	 Hey  . Hello.	NULL
2398	 I need to try and conference you in with Brian.	NULL
2399	 I just wanted to let you know I've got to...I don't know if I'm going to be able to stay on here because I've got to go up to the warehouse.	NULL
2400	 OK.	NULL
2401	  away.	NULL
2402	 In that case, if you want to just hang out, I'll just tell him that you're not available for the call today.	NULL
2403	 OK, that's fine, that would be perfect because I won't be. I'll get back on a little bit later.	NULL
2404	 OK, sounds good, thanks.	NULL
2405	 Alright, thank you.	NULL
2406	 Bye.	NULL
2407	 Bye-bye.	NULL
2408	 Did I scare him away?	NULL
2409	 Hey, Brian.	NULL
2410	 I'm here.	NULL
2411	 Kaylow, actually, he called to tell me that he needs to not be on the call.  I was like, "Good, I don't need to figure how to conference." You think before I even have a kick-off meeting that I need to get with Daryl to get clarity on what project we're doing?	NULL
2412	 Yeah.	NULL
2413	 OK. I can do that. I just got a call yesterday from Matt, asking me about the Mobile Collect. I'm like, "I can't tell you anything about it." It's a Frontier, I haven't even had the chance to look at it. I'll try to look at it today.	NULL
2414	 All right, I'll do that then, before I try and schedule something. It's 9:21. I'm bringing up what we have. Do we still have testing the CTDI? Did they send something else yesterday?	NULL
2415	 Mm-hmm, they sent one before.	NULL
2416	 The last thing that they sent, you said, "Yeah, we got them all, and they're all good." We can probably close this, because I don't imagine I'm going to do any more testing today.	NULL
2417	 That's your call.	NULL
2418	 We're going to be closing up good tonight.	NULL
2419	 If they want, send something else. They probably check it, it should be in SELECT statement, but what was sent looked good, and maybe...The work closed, worked. 	NULL
2420	 OK. Then I will just fail to test-run test this. Brian, do you have anything that we need to talk to them about on the call today?	NULL
2421	 Probably, but I don't know yet.	NULL
2422	 	NULL
2423	 Because it probably won't be on this morning's call, but I'm about to start working on the work orders. I don't have blanket project information that I can tell or estimates for this stuff, so I'm sure that's going to get in the way. I'm not quite sure how they're going to want to handle that. I need to dig into this a little more so I can more appropriately formulate a question for them.	NULL
2424	 OK, so where are we at with the rest of their fallout in general? Do you know?	NULL
2425	 I have about 20, 30 million assets, about 231 are falling out.	NULL
2426	 That's not bad.	NULL
2427	 No, and that's because there's one particular FRC, never seen before .17 records have that on there and then the rest are bad catalog references. I think we've got all. None of the catalog information is falling out. There's only one location that's falling out and that's because the three character one doesn't have any assets on, so it doesn't affect anything.	NULL
2428	 OK, yeah, they said they were going to leave that alone anyway.	NULL
2429	 Yeah, and then the other point looks to be that the...crap, I was going somewhere.	NULL
2430	 	NULL
2431	 That tripped me off.	NULL
2432	  .	NULL
2433	 Yeah, and I don't even touch that partly, so there's still that whole falling out there. I'm trying to get at least to the point where they're functional business wise so I need to get the work orders in there. I think ship orders escaped my...I was looking at the publish package for this version, and I noticed that I was publishing ship orders before and I'm not even importing those now.	NULL
2434	 I didn't even consider ship orders, so I'm going to have to see if I can pull that information in at some point either today or early tomorrow too. As far as fallout is concerned, it's looking pretty good this time around and they're actually letting me make generic rules that prevent stuff from falling out.	NULL
2435	 OK. That's good. Maybe the next time we do this for somebody, we should give them trial run to show them they're going to get, so that then they understand what we mean by "Fallout."	NULL
2436	 I think the next time we do this, I'm not going to do it.	NULL
2437	 I know. 	NULL
2438	 We need to give them the schema to ETR catalog extension after there's commitment, and so they take...you give us your data and you put in this format and then roll.	F
2439	 	NULL
2440	 Kim imported the database to Mary.	NULL
2441	 Yeah.	NULL
2442	 Do you have any questions on the users? I know you all send some emails back and forth. Think you're good now?	NULL
2443	 I think I'm good. I was here until about eight o'clock last night, getting all the date array. I had it parsed through the names to separate the first class and from the initial GET.	NULL
2444	 Just basically getting it towards ready to go in the user's tail log. I've got to delete one user from the script though, because he's already in the user's table. Ken Howard, he was already in the user table, but he's also in this spreadsheet.	F
2445	 We might want to just ask him about that, because that's weird. If he's a Verizon employee, then he would already be in Frontier's user tables. Do you think it's worth asking him? That's just weird.	NULL
2446	 That is weird.	NULL
2447	 I'll gather the info and send you all the email and go from there.	NULL
2448	 OK. I just want to make sure there's nothing else that we need to be concerned about.	NULL
2449	 He's the only user out of the 3,373  that's already in the user's table, and his user roll's already set up, too.	NULL
2450	 You're planning on importing that, when?	NULL
2451	 I can do it, whenever. I'm ready. I just have to know what to do about to him.	NULL
2452	 I would think you would do that tomorrow, right before we back up the database?	NULL
2453	 OK.	NULL
2454	 Backing up the database, our test or their test, do you remember?	NULL
2455	 Ours.	NULL
2456	 Of course.	NULL
2457	 Yeah, OK. I don't know if that was something...	NULL
2458	 I'll get an SQL to him, to put them all in and set their user rolls.	NULL
2459	 You can do that maybe when you're doing this. Stop the work, close the interfaces running the scripts for 1.1. Were you going to do the production backup or was Brian? I didn't put names, I just put...	NULL
2460	 What was the question? I couldn't hear it.	NULL
2461	 Sorry.	NULL
2463	 I didn't know if Grady was going to do that, or if you were planning on doing that, Brian.	NULL
2464	 It doesn't matter. If you guys are doing it tomorrow, then Grady's probably going to be the better person, because I'm going to be calling it early tomorrow afternoon, I'll be out to  .	NULL
2465	 You probably had already danced.	NULL
2466	 Yep.	NULL
2467	 Oh yeah, I forgot about that. We can't really start it until eight o'clock anyway, based on our stop timeline event, which isn't until seven. Grady, you might want to take half the day off tomorrow, since you're going to be working half the night. 	NULL
2468	 I'll decide to come in later tomorrow.	NULL
2469	 Maybe work from home in the morning and then take the afternoon off and then work for the whole night.  Whatever you want to do. Doesn't matter to me, because you're the one that has to work.	NULL
2470	 Anything special we have to do on backing up or just follow my gut with the interface?	NULL
2471	 Right-click, back up, and then I'd probably make sure that you don't back up to a backup file that already exists, you probably want to do that. The backup shouldn't take long, but you'll probably want to 7-zip it.	NULL
2472	 Like I did last time?	NULL
2473	 Yeah. That will take probably half-hour or an hour to do that. Then you'll probably want to open up Internet Explorer and then go to the FTP site. From the Internet Explorer, tell it to open it up in Windows Explorer, and then copy it to the FTP site that way. I've had really good luck of low latency and quick copies doing it...copying file like that.	NULL
2474	 We'll get to back it up 7-ZIT, and put it on our FTP site.	NULL
2475	 Yeah.	NULL
2476	 Will you pull it down from there and restore it when you get ready to start?	NULL
2477	 Yes.	NULL
2478	 OK, so he goes to step five, and then you'll restore it when you get ready.	NULL
2479	 You might want to put names to these, so I can know who's doing what.	NULL
2480	 Yeah, I can do that. OK, I got to hang up and call in, it's 9:30.	NULL
2481	 OK.	NULL
2482	 Nice.	NULL
2483	 Call you.	NULL
2484	 Bye.	NULL
2485	 Bye.	NULL
2486	 Hi, who's on the call?	NULL
2487	 Violet.	NULL
2488	 Good morning, it's Kim.	NULL
2489	 Hey Violet, hey Kim.	NULL
2490	 Brian's on.	NULL
2491	 Hey Brian. Anybody else on the call?	NULL
2492	 Might be a quick call this morning. I don't think we have anything for you guys. Do you all have anything we need to talk about?	NULL
2493	 Hi, who joined?	NULL
2494	 Hi, it's DJ.	NULL
2495	 Hey DJ.	NULL
2496	 We don't have anything for you guys. Do you all have anything for us?	NULL
2497	 Did Jim join?	NULL
2498	 He did not.	NULL
2499	 OK, he's on a CTDI call which...Apparently, he wanted me to talk to you guys about...it may be a table field model, and then its DISTOCD, it's in regard to warehousing  warehouses. Brian, he's saying that we either need a copy of that data or if there's a place in LCAM to store it. I'll send that to you via email, but apparently, he just wanted me to bring that up.	F
2499	 OK, he's on a CTDI call which...Apparently, he wanted me to talk to you guys about...it may be a table field model, and then its DISTOCD, it's in regard to warehousing  warehouses. Brian, he's saying that we either need a copy of that data or if there's a place in LCAM to store it. I'll send that to you via email, but apparently, he just wanted me to bring that up.	A
2502	 OK. Oh, this is the COET data, OK. All right, I'll definitely check into that.	NULL
2503	 Thank you. That's all I have.	NULL
2504	 OK. Anybody else have anything we need to talk about?	NULL
2505	 Apparently not.	NULL
2506	 Sounds like it. Thanks everybody. We'll talk to you guys later.	NULL
2507	 Bye-bye.	NULL
2508	 Bye	NULL
2509	 Only a dozen of six words. You're going to ask your ,so that port work with the tile service. Michael, is starting today, what he did. If there is a little background, I can compile.	NULL
2510	 We'll try tomorrow .	NULL
2511	 Sounds good.	NULL
2512	 The best if he says he's going to take care of the branch code. I'll do that tomorrow. I have somewhere to work. That's for the historical based.	NULL
2513	 I had to ask her . I think so. 	NULL
2514	 It was their baby . I'll look at the basic. Oh, man but he said that he was smart. I only try to look one of the clients, which was already against it. Then, come up some tasks. We're having a little point to give what comes up. At this point, I want to have this.	NULL
2515	 Yeah, actually...	NULL
2516	 You got to teach...	NULL
2517	 I want to try and load one of the clients. I'll do that on mine, and then come up with some task that we haven't at this point accomplished. At this point you know more than I do, so you have to teach me.	NULL
2518	 He showed me where to look in a code, where are the configures to toggle, things like that. What to pull over so... I just did it . We could build on that machine if you want to look at the code.	NULL
2519	 Let's look at the program first and then the code. Then it'll make more sense to me. I'll see if I can just...	NULL
2520	 Also, we had talked briefly about what kind of functionality it would need. Michael said disregard the boundary thing. We will care about how our company,we will care about anything except placing access on the map , so we're running differently.	NULL
2521	 Michael said that?	NULL
2522	 Yeah.	NULL
2523	 And only Michael said that?	NULL
2524	 Only Michael, that's true. Only Michael.  I'll go check with...	NULL
2525	 Because Karen would validate that from the user's perspective, as she's going to be testing it. She may have different expectations.	NULL
2526	 I'll go through and try to install the Tile service client for J.R.M, see if I can get that done. That will help me.	NULL
2527	 Hopefully it worked for you, but we had to go through some crazy hoops with the IIS stuff that Michael couldn't initially. It's kind of crazy.	NULL
2528	 I want to see what issues we encounter.	NULL
2529	 We'll see what issues we encounter.	NULL
2530	 How you feel about it so far? Worried?	NULL
2531	 I'm not really worried. I get what we're doing. I get what you do, I just don't know where to start. I'm kind of overwhelmed.	NULL
2532	 Al right let's see...	NULL
2533	 ...if I can read this.	NULL
2534	 NYW is dot com? . It says dot com.	NULL
2535	 All right,  2-3-0-1-0-6.	NULL
2536	 Do you have that port on you?	NULL
2537	 Hopefully, this is the...	NULL
2538	 I don't know if this is the map point one or the other tile service one. The tile service one would be to publish.	NULL
2539	 I'm going to say JR in collect uses both. Configurable or generic uses just that one, so we're going to move that tile service to JR, and collect.	NULL
2540	 We're going to move the top service to support this. I don't know which one it is.	NULL
2541	 I know how it went.	NULL
2542	 Maybe there was not one for this interview.	NULL
2543	 This.	NULL
2544	 Don't worry, so I think we've	NULL
2545	 Yeah, very original. What was the other one? The one that's published out of the ATM. Is that it probably tile service driven, or now that's production. Sorry.	NULL
2546	 Why don't you go ahead and jump on my machine for the time being. That way we can at least look at. Even the is not going to work. We can at least look at...	NULL
2547	 The client.	NULL
2548	 Yeah.	NULL
2549	 OK.	NULL
2550	 I can take a look at these.	NULL
2551	 You're still going to have.	NULL
2552	 It's the community, one of the guys. Actually those are my signals test.	NULL
2553	 This right here.	NULL
2554	 Close. This is my point that if you want to look at this at all.	NULL
2555	 Right.	NULL
2556	 I'm still very functional now and I know you can't right click it .	NULL
2557	 I can use that.	NULL
2558	 I put that for about five minutes . Why can't we just copy?	NULL
2559	 I don't know. Right. I'll paste for everybody. You can do that and anything interesting, anything good to know? Anything I need to be aware of for the implementation. Right now basically its just map view, zoom in, zoom out, context menu, copy paste and...	NULL
2560	 ... route.	NULL
2561	 All of this is going to be available in the Telerik map control. Nothing special there. The assets. There is already code to bring in the assets. Nancy said, "don't touch that" . That'll work regardless of the back control so that's nothing new maybe.	NULL
2562	 We shouldn't run that.	NULL
2563	 We can pull up the code, and it'll load. It was loaded by the interface. Then it started to quit. No maps.	NULL
2564	 What code has Baski gone through with you?	NULL
2565	 We looked at...map control. The demo bug, the map control. CS , CS file. Those two we looked at. That's where he said our focus is going to be. Yet for some reason that graph design scared me death. why we didn't look below it, the demo file. I have no idea. I discovered that five minutes after meeting with John.	NULL
2566	 So all we had to do is click.	NULL
2567	 Where was that app?	NULL
2568	 I can't remember. Under V-model?  Sink? Go down toward the bottom. Once it's main window, the main window video.	NULL
2569	 Here is an example for code files, where we're going to be implementing the Telerik control map, I guess.	NULL
2570	 Have you been doing some demo tinkering?	NULL
2571	 I've been brushing up on it. I'm an office manager like he said. I found some demos on implementing data maps in Telerik. Since I didn't have the branch code, I weren't able to plug it in and see if it worked	NULL
2572	 We do have the Mobile Collect project which has lots of demo examples. It's a different platform, but it should be universal. You need more examples than that. That's not really my only experience with demo at this point, is the Mobile Collect.	NULL
2573	 In a minute we can put mobile Collect, because really the only piece of that was of interest there to me was the small little convert file that switched it from map service to...	NULL
2574	 Can we look at that?	NULL
2575	 Yeah. That's what Michael said to focus in on there.	NULL
2576	 This is here.	NULL
2577	 Keep using it. I'm sorry.	NULL
2578	 Where is the when you need it?	NULL
2579	 One second I'll tell you. In code control. Yeah great.	NULL
2580	 The problem Michael also mentioned was regardless if we flipped all this to say, always use map files, the program still not going to want to implement what is installed. It's not just copy and paste like you originally said, I guess.	NULL
2581	 Yeah. So lots of references to remove from that point until they're off-map. I want to bring those in at run time and run it.	NULL
2582	 See if I stuff up.	NULL
2583	 Is there any good stuff on the Telerik website that you guys have offered?	NULL
2584	 Yeah. I'm trying to find what the demo maps.you see what Michael did, since they want the teller all on. I agree, because it's better to have a bunch of good stuff on there.	NULL
2585	 OK. You will.	NULL
2586	 That was one we just have to play some.	NULL
2587	 OK. Well, my initial meaning for that, time on the schedule today, there was no way you can be able to do that. Get Baskio branch for us tomorrow. That's where we'll start playing. We'll have...	NULL
2588	 See if you can build this? Since we think it's one of those 10 problems. If we can build it.	NULL
2589	 Does JR collect?	NULL
2590	 Yes.build some things, but it's going to be a headache anyway.	NULL
2591	 I can do that now, because as soon as I step away, I'm going to be unto other things.	NULL
2592	 {pause}	NULL
2593	 What do you need the map for?	NULL
2594	 I don't have that. That'll have to wait. I log into Frontier. I will hold up on that.	NULL
2595	 Whenever you get a chance to do that one.	NULL
2596	 Yeah. I can do that, going to get things going. You said David installed that, or who installed that for you?	NULL
2597	 That is Baski.	NULL
2598	 Baski.	NULL
2599	 I haven't seen it on my desk though.	NULL
2600	 Is that what you used?	NULL
2601	 I used it the first time, in 2006 but I don't understand. So it is a sort of a problem	NULL
2602	 I'll get the media for you, and do my best to attend to it today. See if I can get it to four hours.	NULL
2603	 I assume that's going to be the Telerik stuff.	NULL
2604	 OK.	NULL
2605	 ...any issues. Last week we went over the status of everything more in depth. What I thought is, maybe try to switch that up, so one week go more into the status and one week go more into the issues. 	NULL
2606	 That being said, as far as what we're working on right now, what everybody's working on, is there any issues that you know of that we need to capture? Is everything still on track?	NULL
2607	 FastPath. Are you going to have something for them Friday or not?	NULL
2608	 I'll have something.	NULL
2609	  Did she give you that template data or anything?	NULL
2610	  .	NULL
2611	 OK, so they haven't done their part yet.	NULL
2612	 Yes.	NULL
2613	 Anything else? All right.	NULL
2614	 For the to-do list, we're going to wait until after your add-ons. Put that on hold. Conduit kick-off meeting, we're still looking for maybe the week after April the first to do that?	NULL
2615	 Yeah, probably, because  two weeks ago, but  .	NULL
2616	 Did everybody have a chance to look at those dates for the Agile class? I want to make sure everybody's here when we do that.	NULL
2617	 17th, 18th, and 19th?	NULL
2618	 The 19th is a staff meeting.	NULL
2619	 The 19th is a staff meeting, so 17th or 18th.	NULL
2620	 Yeah, I looked. It was OK.	NULL
2621	 We need to  some of these things. Baski, did you figure out how to give a response on some things?	NULL
2622	 Yeah. I'll just tell them, "Hey, I've got it," and get a resolution for you soon, or try to give them an ETA, if possible. Not always possible. But I've started to do that on anything, not just the important things that come in.	NULL
2623	 I'm not going to change it to 45 yet, since we're going to try going over status one week and issues the next. We've got to keep it at 30 for right now, I wouldn't change it. Let's just look, I saw that, Baski, I don't know if you've noticed, we've got some ideas for training and classes...	NULL
2624	 ...in here now. We should just figure out when we want to start implementing that.	NULL
2625	 This is internal training?	NULL
2626	 Yeah. Right now, Baski asked over the last year or so, back when he was doing Friday classes, for ideas. These don't necessarily have to be done by Baski. If somebody else's got something, an interest that they're willing to, has some expertise in these things and want to give a class on it...	NULL
2627	 There can be a class probably back again when they did it, and walk us through the whole scanning program.	NULL
2628	 He can walk through the whole thing, so that everybody knows what it does. It doesn't have to be me, anybody can learn something new. I think it's beneficial to everybody. It's just a class.	NULL
2629	 I'd just say, maybe over the next week or two, take a look at these. Everybody pick their top one or two and then in the next meeting in a couple of weeks we'll...I'll be here next week, but several people will be out next week it turns out.	NULL
2630	 Are you canceling next week's meeting?	NULL
2631	 I'm not, if you all can still do it.	NULL
2632	 You can cancel it.	NULL
2633	 Nobody's here.	NULL
2634	 Bad attitude.	NULL
2635	 I'll be here.	NULL
2636	 I'm pretty sure that was domestic violence. 	NULL
2637	 You're sitting next to somebody who's marrying a police officer.	NULL
2638	 What?	NULL
2639	 You're sitting next to somebody who's marrying a police officer who will turn you in. 	NULL
2640	  officer.	NULL
2641	 Jenny's joining the police force?	NULL
2642	 Can we have a  for the attitude?	NULL
2643	 Yeah, she just lost it.	NULL
2644	 I'll have to  , no worries.	NULL
2645	 OK, again, so everybody just take a look over these and any more that you want to add and we'll pick which ones we want to tackle first. I noticed somebody put the, "Coding best practices," for both uniformity and between applications.	NULL
2646	 Actually, I'm talking with Michael about some books and things that we could use. We can talk about that later, though. There's some ideas around that, especially for the new people. Some of us older people are set in our ways, so the likelihood of us changing...	NULL
2647	 Bad attitude.	NULL
2648	 Yeah.	NULL
2649	 That's the way our mind works. Not yet. This one in particular we're going to definitely be working through. But as far as the other ones that are in class people can pick the ones they'd like to see first. With that, on to issues. Did everybody see these? A couple of seconds. Any new ones anybody wants to add to the list?	NULL
2650	 It's not really a new one. It's just a concern. I think we need to have a look at this. They had a meeting about this MapPoint and I didn't know there was a meeting. Three different people came to me, "I spent 20 minutes there asking, 'Where do you use MapPoint? What do you do with it?'" I said, "What?" Three different people are asking me. They had actually they are at the meeting and...	NULL
2651	 ...from meeting they called me about how it's done. I said, "The meeting was only 20 minutes. I should have been in the meeting." "Why?" "I wasted one hour explaining to three different people, all in the same meeting. I was not in the meeting." This would have saved time, everybody's time. That's number one.	NULL
2652	 I can't type anything in here now, so I'm just going to write it down. Somebody's got it locked.	NULL
2653	 Context-switching, it's not an easy task. Because I switched context in almost like nine things now, support,  support, technical support, dashboard support, dashboard. Then I'm using FastPath. Then I'm using  Collect. You can think of  .	NULL
2654	 That conversion to  .	NULL
2655	 What is that?	NULL
2656	 That conversion to  .	NULL
2657	  sometimes.	NULL
2658	 When you bring the new people, I think we need to a process to do all this new stuff. Because we're starting a new project. They need to have, "Oh, my God. I'm learning something new. I'm doing something." We cannot just throw in some new person and say, "Go ahead and make a change." They feel so uncomfortable, because it's not the right way to start. I think we need to take a right path.	NULL
2659	 Take time, make sure they all know about it. Also, Adam is  on this, the whole MapPoint controversy. I don't know if it's, he really worked on the project, like take the Conduit Project, he worked on it. The context switch took just two hours, definitely made sense. Because he knows what is the context. He can switch it, I understand what's going on.	NULL
2660	 They want to put him on the new project for two hours, the context switch is different completely. By the time you get your head around, the two hours is over. You've got to start all over again every day.	NULL
2661	 I think, if we can improve that somehow the context switch, if we are switching it, only a person who worked on it. If they want to learn a new application, or whatever new technology, give it to them specifically for a week. Don't just throw them back in and out. It's not good for anybody.	NULL
2662	 Context switching, we will add that to the list.	NULL
2663	 It sounds like he was also saying, making sure that you have the subject matter expert when you have a meeting.	NULL
2664	 Yeah. I don't recall that meeting. I didn't know there was a meeting either.	NULL
2665	 Same thing. I didn't know that there was a meeting. I had three people I talked to. From the meeting they called me and said, "What is it? How it works?" I said...	NULL
2666	 I'd say at least, if you're thinking you don't want to bother somebody when you're having a meeting, put them on there as optional. At least then they know that it's going on. If they don't have time, they can know that if they're getting questions from three different people, and those three different people are at the meeting...	NULL
2667	 Also it helps estimate, because I cannot expect them, these two hours, Adam to estimate what is the workload, because they're not even told what to do.	NULL
2668	 I know.	NULL
2669	 That's so unfair to them. Because I cannot expect them to estimate anything until they fully understand the context.	NULL
2670	 For that particular project, you guys...	NULL
2671	 They asked me from the meeting, "How long is it going to take you to swap the MapPoint for this?" I said, "It's going to take two weeks." That's my understanding, but it's not going to be for everybody, because I worked on application I know where to change it. If somebody is learning a new technology, the time frame is completely different.	NULL
2672	 I want them to feel comfortable to estimate, than me estimating for them. That's so wrong.	NULL
2673	 Moral of the story...	NULL
2674	 ...include the person that you're getting help from in the meeting. That one was a special case, but we have them more often than not, it seems like. Going to have some in a month.	NULL
2675	 What meetings are you referring to?	NULL
2676	 Usually, throughout the day we'll have some meeting with you. Then the next day Brandon and I go over...	NULL
2677	 It's not you, you are not involved with the meeting. It is a management level the meeting is taking place where they want to change the mapping cards and map. It's outside development level. It's not...	NULL
2678	 We'll, make sure we tell...	NULL
2679	 ...them, "When you're sending messages to people, don't have meetings about our stuff without having somebody from our team."	NULL
2680	 Which is historically a thing...	NULL
2681	 ...that happens.	NULL
2682	 That building example...	NULL
2683	 I've got an example, the building example yesterday. Obviously something changed in the Notify. Everybody is talking about it, except the development team  . The reason is, something changed in the Notify.	NULL
2684	 We not even know. You're just walking in, and finding out yesterday afternoon. You said, "What's going on?"  , "We need some help from somebody." Get all the people as soon as possible, so we can all work together and then go through like 10 different  , and finally come to you for three minutes work.	NULL
2685	 I don't know if that one's as good an example. I think, we had the right people on that.	NULL
2686	 But there are several occasions where there are no development people involved in these decisions where dates and stuff come out of. I'm working on that one. Anything else? I've got that captured here. If we don't want to add anything else, then we can pick one of these to discuss. See if we can move along before we get to talk about the projects and what you're doing.	NULL
2687	  are level three, right?	NULL
2688	 Part of it, yeah.	NULL
2689	 It's a part of that process?	NULL
2690	 We can talk about that. I will say, I added revenue on here today. That's all the revenue. We're on payroll by payroll right now. We're trying to get revenue, in essence. The reason I put that down for marking is, we need to know it. We need to about that. Any ideas people have for quick revenue.	NULL
2691	 Yesterday we talked with  about getting the Conduit load, and starting to charge for that as JRM if that's something he's interested in. I thought maybe we'd get some money for it. But short of it is, don't go planning anything right now. We really do need to try to wrap things up. It's not really the time for the scope creep.	NULL
2692	 Do you have a list of some things we can make, we can do to make a difference?	NULL
2693	 I don't know. That's why I put it on there for us to discuss. We've got the annual goals and the quarterly goals, but the biggest thing is wrapping up. Wrapping up LCAM, wrapping up the PURA stuff and all of that...	NULL
2694	 ...I discussed a bunch of ideas. He didn't find the time to do it. I didn't have time. Finally I said, "I'm going to put it in." I tried to open the  , it's like worse than  . I wanted to just put in a simple idea, give it to somebody. I don't want to go through like 20 pages of .	NULL
2695	 It's too heavyweight for us.	NULL
2696	 It should be simple. I just got finished saying to somebody, "I want it like that." I don't want to go asking so many person. I said, "You know what? Forget it. I'm not going to do it."	NULL
2697	 OK. That's really good feedback. I think these are some similar feedback. If Ryan and Baski are saying that it's too complicated then...	NULL
2698	 I mean, we don't even know how to answer half of the questions that are on there, because we're not experts in that field. I don't know. I could probably estimate how much it would cost for us to do some of those things. But I have no idea what kind of impact it potentially could have on our revenue screen. I don't care.	NULL
2699	 It seems like the template is made up for somebody else, and we're just trying to absorb into our process. I feel like it's already build and I just  .	NULL
2700	 When we see our software is spread across 400 products and we say, "We like this piece over here, and we like that piece over here," it makes sense for us to put all those pieces together. Somebody ought to be able to look at that, and say, "Yeah, that sounds like a good idea," or, "No. Shut up, and go do it."	NULL
2701	 Yeah. Immediate feedback, that's good.	NULL
2702	 Our agenda is just wrap up what we're doing.	NULL
2703	 That seems...	NULL
2704	 To me, and we talked about this a little bit before. Getting this thing Notify, the HTML5, and getting the JRM functionality in, is imperative. I think we'll be able to sell a lot more and get a lot more recurring revenue if we do that.	NULL
2705	 I know we're  with it developing prototypes now, but we just don't have the resources on the backend. That's imperative. Getting all of that wrapped up, the Conduit stuff, doing that as efficiently as possible, so we that can turn our focus on...The next thing in the roadmap is going to be rewriting Collect to be our mobile.	NULL
2706	 That will help the company tremendously, because then you don't have to worry about pictures. Pictures is by far the longest thing it takes them to do. If you can take it with the device, and get a good one, you're going to speed up our running rates tremendously.	NULL
2707	 That's what's next thing on deck. It's just a matter of trying to wrap things up. Getting better about scope creep, so we can get onto these. Get these things up,  , is the best thing our team can do.	NULL
2708	 Another point I want to add is context that I think goes with that. In implementing, I think, we have multiple work simultaneously scheduled, and they're all depending on one person, that one person is going to hold everybody.	NULL
2709	 Because Mahesh cannot do anything, if I'm not getting anything. They cannot do anything unless I help them out. They cannot do anything on FastPath. If we can schedule the time overlapping, next to them, then we can dedicate the time instead of one person holding all of it. I think we need it.	NULL
2710	 That's for sure. That's exactly what we want to do. We want to have these teams, like we've got laid out, and have them be able to work on things. I think we all know, LCAM really has killed us. It's taken everybody but you, Baski.	NULL
2711	 Oh, and me. I'm not doing anything on it.	NULL
2712	 Well, I mean, development-wise. Baski has been stuck with the lion's share of everything else. We've been able to not move all these other things forward. That one, we will definitely try to guard against doing something like that. Yeah. We'll add that to the list, context switch. All right. What do you all want to talk about?	NULL
2713	 I still think we really need to talk about new hire integration. This is probably a good venue for that, because I know that you're talking...You're doing a lot of work right now with this MapPoint stuff. I wanted to hear what you thought about, given a bunch of stuff on your plate, and how that makes you feel. Do you feel overwhelmed?	NULL
2714	 He's great. I love it.	NULL
2715	 They said be honest with it. Let's go for the truth.	NULL
2716	 Honesty is good. If that's exactly how you feel, then that's a great thing.	NULL
2717	 It's cool. The stress of responsibility has never been an issue. I like just jumping in. But without a lot of support and a lot of real clear direction, it has been a little stressful, a little overwhelming.	NULL
2718	 I know Adam's got his plate full, Baski's got his plate full, so I feel so bad, "I think I broke it," or I feel like I'm going every which way, if that makes sense, because I work with Michael, too.	NULL
2719	 Has anybody sat down and showed you Collect?	NULL
2720	 Yeah.	NULL
2721	 How it works, at least?	NULL
2722	 Yes.	NULL
2723	 Someone's done that.	NULL
2724	 Yeah.	NULL
2725	 My concern is, you're fresh out of college. Not saying that you don't have experience at all, but when you step into a professional position, I can remember doing it and I had a lot of hand-holding involved. I was given responsibility, but they were small chunks.	NULL
2726	 Like, "We need you to do this little story right here. It might not be a very complicated function, but get your head wrapped around this, and do this part." It almost seems like you've been given this huge problem with no design, with no direction, with none of that at all and expected to automatically become a developer that's been experienced with that. That's the thing that concerns me.	NULL
2727	 It is so important, and it has to be done in whatever days it was given.	NULL
2728	 That's what I was going to say. There's a deadline on it.	NULL
2729	 Yeah, there's a deadline.	NULL
2730	 I know that Jasmine, I think you had a similar experience but in a different light. That's the thing that concerns me, is that we're getting new devs in here, which is a great thing, but we're not building them up. I know with Jasmine, at least she was put on JET, which doesn't do anything for the development team at all, and doesn't do anything for her career, either.	NULL
2731	 It's a technology that's useful to John and his team, but it's not useful to us as a development team, because it buys us nothing knowing that, for the things that we have to actually do. That's what I'm concerned about.	NULL
2732	 We're pulling devs in, and we're just putting them off on the side, saying, "Hey, we don't really have time for you right now, but we're paying you, so we expect you to do something. Here's a project for you to do. It's due in two weeks. Go get it done."	NULL
2733	 Or, "Hey, we're doing a total rewrite of our application. We need you to automatically know HTML5 and JavaScript, and CSS, and all that stuff. Go write that stuff."	NULL
2734	 When in actuality, I feel like anyways should be integrated into our process to where, "Yeah, I'm working on the story. You haven't done this type of work before. I really want you to sit down with me and do it with me, and then you can ask me questions while I'm doing it, and maybe tomorrow you can drive.	NULL
2735	 "Then, you can try it out, and then I can help you with it, and then maybe next week I'll give you just a small thing that you can do by yourself." Then, so on and so forth. That's a huge concern of mine.	NULL
2736	 We've got the concern. Because we haven't really done ideas in here, we want to try to solve the root problem. The first thing we do, the, "Why? Why? Why?" is to get to the root problem. I think we have the root problem on here is that we need a new hire integration process.	NULL
2737	 All the concerns we know about. We talked about it. We know about it. There are things going on, probably, that everybody isn't aware of, but yeah, we know the issues. The issue we need to solve is we need a new hire integration process.	NULL
2738	 The question is, "What should those steps be?" We can start brainstorming ideas. I think Brian just threw out a few. Let's start thinking of what those steps need to be, capture those, and then get them documented.	NULL
2739	 Before we hire them they know what the total context is about. Before their hiring, "This is what we're going to be doing." They are already lined up. I think for a new hire integration process this is perfect. Once you bring them in there  what we can do now.	NULL
2740	 That's not really how...It was thought about, how they do it. One thing that we try to do, that I try to do, is give people the opportunity to forge the path that they're on. Some people are more, they want to do UX, or some people want to be full stack. Some people want to be more of the nuts and bolts.	NULL
2741	 These guys, when they come out, they don't necessarily know. They might have ideas, so to try to expose them a little bit to multiple things to see where they're going to be best suited. I had an idea of where they would be when they came on, but it's not necessarily the correct path until they get started on it.	NULL
2742	 You don't want to box anybody in a corner, either. That doesn't do any good for Jasmine, to say, "OK, she's the UX person now." Not that that's a bad thing, but you would probably want to be a little bit more well rounded than that, versus looking at Miranda and going, "You're more data or business logic  .	NULL
2743	 That might be OK. That's good but it's not great. Branching out is a good thing, focusing on everything a little bit of everything is ideal.	NULL
2744	 You talked about sitting with somebody and then learning. Are we talking about pair programming, in essence. How's everybody feel about that? Honestly. Everybody needs to be completely honest about that. 	NULL
2745	 That'd be good. I don't know if Miranda feels this way, but I feel like we need to know what the long term goal is for us. There are times where everyone's busy, and we don't want to bother everybody, and we need to know what we can be doing.	NULL
2746	 Like, we need to know, what can we be working on besides just scanning through code aimlessly trying to figure out what we can do to help. That's the thing. When I was working on JRM with you, I felt at least useful. It was like every little piece, I felt like, "OK, I did something. That's good."	NULL
2747	 Then, it gets to the point where everyone's busy, and we're just researching, not getting to feel like we're helping at all. That's hard. It's important to feel like you're doing something beneficial for the company.	NULL
2748	 Long-term goals.	NULL
2749	  .	NULL
2750	 Pair program, anybody opposed?	NULL
2751	 As long as it's not scheduled over the weekend, I don't care. 	NULL
2752	 Thank you, Baski. I'll pair with Baski.	NULL
2753	 It's difficult when you're working on several different things and now you spend an hour actually programming this thing, two hours on troubleshooting issues, and spending an hour on an emergency release that you have to get out. With all of that, there's a lot of context switching going on.	NULL
2754	 That's the problem.	NULL
2755	 Yeah, that is a problem.	NULL
2756	 If we get rid of the context switch, that problem goes away.	NULL
2757	 Side bar. Part of this, I'm going to talk with Michael about it. As far as the context switching, maybe we can talk about this in the next meeting, and continue onto this. Let's start thinking about this, but we, as a group, need to start doing a much better job at estimating.	NULL
2758	 Whether that's adding factors to our estimates based on what we've historically done or making sure that we have the requirements upfront so we know what's going to be done, and controlling scope creep.	NULL
2759	 We as a group have caused a lot of our need to do context switching, because we oftentimes aren't done when we say we're going to be done. For whatever reason that is, and then we end up in a bind because we can't wait until we're done with something before we say we can...We have to keep things in the queue, in the schedule. Maybe next time, be thinking about that.	NULL
2760	 I personally think, I'm going to say this until I'm blue in the face.	NULL
2761	 But, if our iterations were much more structured, our releases I should say were much more structured, say, "I know exactly. I've got eight iterations in a release. I've got four iterations of testing tacked onto the end of that, and it becomes a repetitive thing that happens exactly the same every single time, the layout becomes a lot easier."	NULL
2762	 Because during the last four iterations of testing, now I'm starting to plan out the next release.	NULL
2763	 I don't want to derail us from the new hire thing. But be thinking about that for the next meeting. Hopefully we'll be able to control the context switching a little bit. We'll figure out how the pair programming works. I've got it on the list. What else? Long-term goals?	NULL
2764	 How long are we going to wait? For example,  we are working on something, and it's supposed to be done  . How long are we going to wait before, "You know what? We're going to put this on the back burner." Who makes that call how long we're going to wait?	NULL
2765	 Product owner.	NULL
2766	 That's right. Once you have that streamlined, then I give you everything and say, "  , come back in two weeks  ."	NULL
2767	 Project managers, they will help with that. We can get a ScrumMaster.	NULL
2768	  , right?	NULL
2769	 Yeah. I want to wait until after we have our class. Hopefully, we're going to make big strides in all that. What else? New hire process. What else? Long-term goals. Pair programming, giving small chunks of responsibility at first.	NULL
2770	 You said earlier, just have an overview of the applications that we're going to have them doing these small chunks in. A training session, on just the application itself. Not necessarily a whole lot of detail, but just an actual demo of it, maybe.	NULL
2771	 Where  ?	NULL
2772	 Anyway, that can come from me, as in Susan or me, or something like that, to do the demo of it, and then, to have a session with the developer to talk about some of the coding, like how the code is laid out or where is the code, with practice in checking in, checking out, and all that stuff.	NULL
2773	 There may be some little nuances to how the code works. Susan and I can do the actual education  .	NULL
2774	 We had these quarterly or annual reviews, employee reviews. One of the good things that they have on those reviews is, "The personal goals that you would hope to accomplish for yourself over the next year."	NULL
2775	 That would be in line with trying to give direction to new hires about where they need to invest their time, what type of technologies that you should probably be focusing on. That would feed in with our organizational goals as well.	NULL
2776	 If you give us the option of focusing from time to time on what we prefer to do, once we have figured that out, can we  ? Because I feel that I know what I like and if it's an option for me to do that, that's when I have a passion to learn. That's what I want to do is just sit with somebody and learn everything about how to do it.	NULL
2777	 That is the plan. That was  the plan for...I know you guys came in and we just can't get out from under LCAM, so, I don't have anybody to sit with you.	NULL
2778	 That's what we want to try to do.	NULL
2779	 I think that it is that you never bother me, always  . If you have a question, come back. Don't ask, don't even email me. Just walk in. I would love to help you, but you've got to make a step. Don't assume and sit there, just come. It's OK.	NULL
2780	 That's what I do.	NULL
2781	 It's hard to do that when you're new. You always feel like you're bothering them.	NULL
2782	 ...you can't feel that way.	NULL
2783	 Open invitation, there.	NULL
2784	 Everybody has to be willing to help when they're needed. I ask for a lot of help, so if someone comes to me I feel obligated and I want to help that person back.	NULL
2785	 I'd say that what we need to do is get organized about it, too. Going back to the context switching, and all of that, which is one of the first things that was, requested, was how to manage those things. Baski's talked to us a little bit about that. Maybe we'll delve more into that. He'll organize about how we group up questions, and things like, and organize sessions of learning, and things like that.	NULL
2786	 What else? I know we're a few minutes over. Anybody have anything else they want to put in? We can start with this or we can pick it back up next time and try to add to this list.	NULL
2787	 I think if the teams are structured the right way and the iterations are structured the right way, then the mix will be good on each team to where the new hire can pair program with the thing that they're interested in accomplishing.	NULL
2788	 I would really, really try to steer clear of wearing one hat, because you'll get painted as the UI guy, or the business layer guy, where in the Agile world we need to strive to be multipurpose. We're better tools that way in the toolbox.	NULL
2789	 When Drake is out, and somebody can step in and be Drake, or Baski's out, and somebody can step in and be Baski, or when Corey's out, then somebody can step in and be a Corey. We're sharper that way.	NULL
2790	  .	NULL
2791	 I said it before, I'm not a data guy, but I play one on TV. I did stay at Holiday Inn Express last night.	NULL
2792	 That's part of the idea about putting the new people on the Sustainment Team so that they can get exposed to all of the different apps and cross-train at the same time. I'll add to the list.	NULL
2793	 I heard what Jasmine said when I got here. I thought that I had to call people to ask for help, because I kept hearing people call other people, so I wasn't sure if I should go to someone's desk, or call them. Then I was like, "I don't like phones," so I started going and bothering Brian all the time, which he probably hates.	NULL
2794	 You bothered me like three times? Bothered me?	NULL
2795	 Knowing that you can get up and go somewhere is good to be told to a new hire. Not you guys, because you guys know that. Your first day walking in, I didn't know what to do.	NULL
2796	 It's good we are a small outfit and not part of a big enterprise, because you cannot find people in a big enterprise. You cannot go talk to the database guy if I work for a big company. I cannot make a change in the table and when I ask him, he says, "OK, next Thursday, we'll meet, we'll talk about it." That's the beauty of a small  company engagement.	NULL
2797	 I'll add all these to the list, as soon as whatever jerk has this thing locked...	NULL
2798	 ...will unlock it. Miranda, do you have anything else to add while we're...?	NULL
2799	 Everyone's covered all the stuff I was thinking. But I do plan on coming up with something else, and just thinking over and seeing if there's something else I can add. But I think Brian, Jasmine, and Karen covered exactly what I was thinking.	NULL
2800	 Good. All right, we'll get this codified and make an actual process. All right,  the meeting.	NULL
2801	 You just telling Agile jokes now?	NULL
2802	 Yeah, I had to get some brownie points back since I was  .	NULL
2803	 Actually a lot of people opened up today, that's good.	NULL
2804	 Remind me, because that's what Baski said.	NULL
2805	 Thanks.	NULL
3436	 	NULL
3472	 	NULL
3647	 	NULL
3698	   .	NULL
3867	  Oh, OK.	NULL
3988	 I can't imagine when. This one is, they're reverse retiring.  . They're writing assets into the 1220 account. That's why it's this many days. Today, if they go...That actually   , can they do this? Search in assets and reverse retirement of 1220.	NULL
4084	  Well, let me see if I know what you're talking about. I'm not at all sure. Have I found hardwire? That hardwire? Partially found. That's a hardwire, right?	NULL
4313	 He's usually my good one. The one that puts the tasks out there   .	NULL
4321	  Yeah, it's all Brian. I sent that email out this morning. I don't know if you looked at it yet. You know that issue where I said it was weird on those ZFR's? There were two audit trail records that flipped it back. It's also doing it when they manually edit stuff on the edit assets screen.	NULL
4426	  It wouldn't be treated like take the old one out and replace it with the new one?	NULL
4462	 chance to look it. I want to go to Basky, will you note?	NULL
4463	 Yes.	NULL
4464	 How are they?	NULL
4465	 In the middle of the morning. I'm making note of every little, that point area.	NULL
4466	 We can look at some of stuff that you come up with. The main thing I want to do is to schedule some time, look at there at least two hours of blocks, sit down and do some of it. I'd never done the fair program.	NULL
4467	 I guess it's going to be...	NULL
4468	 After you...	NULL
4469	 Sorting out?	NULL
4470	 Yes. You do an hour. I will do an hour. Then we can see how far we get.	NULL
4471	 This is my first point. Big things, so you're going to have to try to bear with me on some things. 	NULL
4472	 There's no problem. At this point you've been in the code, you know the basics of it, you know how to structure it, and that's a lot more that I can say. Get it to compile. Just cut that variety.	NULL
4473	 	NULL
4474	 Page. I cannot believe I just made a connection between the stuff I did several months ago and then now  . Page. The last name sound familiar, I don't know if it sounds familiar, but I've never met her, I'm kidding.	NULL
4475	 	NULL
4477	 We can't screw anything up. Everything is done at the end and so it's not a concern. As long as you don't check anything in until we've vetted everything.	NULL
4478	 Is there a way to save it locally, so that I can just...Is that what he did? I'm new to DFS. I'm terrified.	NULL
4479	 You work in your local copy. Everything you have is local. Until you decide to check everything in, you could do whatever you like.	NULL
4480	 Great. Thank you.	NULL
4481	 Any of the things that Basky's talked about so far. He mentioned creating a new view model for the map provider.	NULL
4482	 That would have the red map, only it would be in the license key, and all that?	NULL
4483	 Mm-hmm.	NULL
4484	 Then you would just exclude the other one that has the map point stuff in it? That's what he said.	NULL
4485	 We'll have to eventually, after everything's done, they would remove those references. Delete the references in the modules, the map control and EX map point control, and exclude the map control view .xaml from the project control. That's what I was looking at.	NULL
4486	 One of the actual things we could talk about is creating a new view. Basky said we needed to create a new...Call it whatever you want to but we'd call it the Telerik control view, or whatever. That's probably fine, more program.	NULL
4487	 Right now, we have the map control view. Most likely can take this straight XAML and the class itself.	NULL
4488	 On this page, remove the user control stop, and add the reference, or just drop in the Telerik control. We're going to input the same items here.	NULL
4489	 I'm all into it.	NULL
4490	 It really looks so easy. I guess I just go over my own thing. I need to  . Not the coating itself, but you know.	NULL
4491	 I've never made co-changes in the collate projects. I don't worry about anything. Certainly different so it's coming here and  .	NULL
4492	 Let me do it this way.	NULL
4493	 Is that how they spell tolerate? Is it right?	NULL
4494	 I think so.	NULL
4495	 Basically going here, we'll replace, I think kind of shortcut method, but we are going to go in here and replace a lot of the records. Mad control, we are going to create the new Telerik control. I'm going to find a new model. Chill a little bit.	NULL
4496	 Let's  where we start coding.	NULL
4497	 That's fine.	NULL
4498	 Go back and mark prints the view model.	NULL
4499	 OK. We have new view. A couple of more changes left to be made, but this gets it started.	NULL
4500	  space there. Figure out where that's defined at.	NULL
4501	 Is that the one that kept crashing? The one we opened once, and it crashed. We couldn't get it open, even if...	NULL
4502	 It could be. I don't know.	NULL
4503	 I know you talked about  .	NULL
4504	 Controls.	NULL
4505	  that one of them, every time you would open the map controller, it would just close.	NULL
4506	 This can go to the right place on the view model. OK. That should be just about it. To replace the...Got to unhook this current user control, and see what it is.	NULL
4507	  defined.	NULL
4508	 The  face for the  control, it should have...	NULL
4509	 I'm sorry. I'm getting familiar with the code as well.	NULL
4510	 That's OK, Adam. The other thing...	NULL
4511	 It's the first time I looked at the view model. I don't know much about it myself.	NULL
4512	 Maybe not much left else to do other than to take the Telerik control, plug it in, and match up some of the interface methods.	NULL
4513	 Some  .	NULL
4514	 Well...	NULL
4515	 Sounds that way, really. 	NULL
4516	 surely not.	NULL
4517	 As soon as I got to do it, 5,000 other things emerge. Hopefully not.	NULL
4518	 Trace that. Keep creating that, so the typeform has to be XA6. OK, so get field. I'm  , yeah?	NULL
4519	 All right, so basically, my understanding is -- limited understanding -- going to take that line out. We'll plug in our Telerik control and that will be the bulk of the work, then trying to figure out mapping the actual functionality, let's wait them out.	NULL
4520	 If  well we also got to take it in, this is just a troll. We've created troll and now we've got to go find the user interface aspect of it. With map control view is referenced and what this...	NULL
4521	 Do you think you can find an example of where the Telerik control is referenced?	NULL
4522	 I know possibly under where some of the geo doc and stuff would be...referenced  , I'm not sure. I never look around and find it all there.	NULL
4523	 Free  run as administrator. It's one problem I had I ran to several times to stop from...not always. In 2013, run as administrator. I had to do that  immediately this projects.	NULL
4524	 So basically we have is to get our user control complete, so it's not our whole line. Change that one line of code and then do the smart thing and look the JR and collect project and see. I guess, compared against that, make sure we've done some place over there.	NULL
4525	 I can get on that. That's the  .	NULL
4526	 I don't know what's going on, still opening.	NULL
4527	 OK. It's up there. I don't know what it's going on here.	NULL
4528	 It's OK. It's up in my screen, so I can check it out there.   .	NULL
4529	 Let's see. This point, we've got a view model, we've got a view. We've got update drop control in and then tomorrow we can work on the rest of it.	NULL
4530	 I'll see how much I've found today, and hope we'll give us a...	NULL
4531	 I've only got a little bit left on LCAM, I've probably got another hour or two to finish that up. There's so much for that, then I can actually look at this code and give  . Then I'll start again tomorrow because I think that's it. We have a few more hours on the LCAM.	NULL
4668	 Wait a minute.	NULL
4669	 I know. I'm like, "Where did he go?"	NULL
4670	 As you move that down...	NULL
4671	 Oh, this one here needs to be  .	NULL
4672	 some are  .	NULL
4673	 Just a little bit better than  . Coding's done. I just need to test it some more. End test, after Grady builds it.	NULL
4674	 Oh, OK. Then, you're done?	NULL
4675	 Yep. I started on something else already.	NULL
4676	 Something else like what?	NULL
4677	 Like  screen for the...	NULL
4678	 One of their issues from the issues  ?	NULL
4679	 Yeah.	NULL
4680	 Where's everybody else,  ?	NULL
4681	 I'm not sure.	NULL
4682	 He just showed up.	NULL
4683	 He's been here.	NULL
4684	  , right? We had this discussion.	NULL
4685	 I didn't make you a bug. Do you want me to move one of these back?	NULL
4686	  We'll make a bug.	NULL
4687	  I don't want to make a bug. I just want to move these back.	NULL
4688	 It doesn't matter. I don't care. There's...	NULL
4689	 What's the bug?	NULL
4690	 It doesn't work.	NULL
4691	 What?	NULL
4692	 The grid stuff is just not right.	NULL
4693	 There's one bug.	NULL
4694	 There's one bug?	NULL
4695	 Yeah, there's one bug. The grid stuff is not right, so I don't want to write a bug. It's random, isn't it?	NULL
4696	 No, it's not random.	NULL
4697	 The drop-downs don't have drop-downs in them, so you can't filter by the drop-downs on the grid.	F
4697	 The drop-downs don't have drop-downs in them, so you can't filter by the drop-downs on the grid.	A
4698	 You can filter by the drop-downs on the grid.	NULL
4699	 Because he's modified it now, because you couldn't yesterday.	NULL
4700	 That's  .	NULL
4701	 The drop-downs.	NULL
4702	 The drop-downs, that's the bug. Those didn't work.	NULL
4703	  That's what I said, the drop-downs.	NULL
4706	 Did you try it?	NULL
4707	 Yeah.	NULL
4708	 Did you try real hard?	NULL
4710	 You're going to be done with that shortly anyway, right?	NULL
4711	 Shortly.	NULL
4712	 For real, this time. 	NULL
4713	 We have check-in that  and I've made changes to that screen too, so if you want...	NULL
4714	 You haven't done it since yesterday, though, right? Because it was yesterday after Ethan told me that you had checked your stuff in that I told him about it, and I told him you had already made changes to it so they needed to  . You haven't done since yesterday on that screen, right?	NULL
4715	 No.	NULL
4716	 You're probably good, because it was after he told me that he had done his stuff that I told  about it,  .	NULL
4717	 I have some counts on the headers I'd like to change a little bit, make a little bit more sense about what's in the details and test the duplicate  thing a little more thoroughly just to make sure it's going to reach across different groupings and  . The only thing I haven't started on yet is the multi-row payroll editing.	F
4718	 They may not get that. We just may have to move that to the backlog.  "Look, this is what you've got. Now what do you not like?" Because you know they'll come back, and say they don't like something.	NULL
4719	 Yeah. I know for sure they're going to come back. There's stuff on the assets screen that they're able to edit but they can't edit on here right now. I know they're going to  .	F
4720	 We did have that story in the backlog about adding the ability to mass update, as a whole story. We had that one in the backlog, because Adam had not ever added the...It's like a whole separate story, so we can put this task under that. It's basically the same thing, right?	F
4721	 It's exactly the same thing.	NULL
4722	 OK. Let's put that under that story. If they whine too much about not being able to mass update, we'll say, "We have a story for that." 	NULL
4723	 Then I'm just going to do a merge after this, get the code from 109 back to the trunk.	NULL
4724	 Good.	NULL
4725	 The release tomorrow that's going to them for 1.1, will have everything in it?	NULL
4726	 Yes.	NULL
4728	 No. I'm done giving them emergency releases. Because if we have to give them one  , it's like, "No, you're just not getting one next week. Deal with it for a week. When you get 1.1, then we'll start back up again."	NULL
4729	 We need to run database scripts this evening. I can run that script to update the project ID, to see if the columns are  .	NULL
4730	 You didn't do that last night?	NULL
4731	 No. I forgot to. I'm sorry.	NULL
4732	 Did you run on the SEC stuff last night, when you did the deploy?	NULL
4733	 No, I didn't. I forgot that too.	NULL
4734	 OK.  I was just asking, so if they ask me I'll know what to tell them next time.	NULL
4735	 Throw Grady under the bus this time.	NULL
4736	 Yeah. Throw me under the bus.	NULL
4737	 If they don't ask, I'm not going to say anything.	NULL
4738	 Those fix-it scripts, do those need to be run in our development test environments to bring anything up-to-date, or are those only data changes?	NULL
4739	 The one to widen the two project-related fields. Yeah, I need to run that.	NULL
4740	 Those should be scripted then?	NULL
4741	 Yeah. They're scripted. They're in the 109 script.	NULL
4742	 Development?	NULL
4743	 I can't remember if I ran that section against dev or not, I'll double-check.	NULL
4744	 Do I need it? I think I do. I haven't checked in the merge yet, but when I did I saw everything from 105 to 109 went back to the trunk which I presume has not been run in our dev and test environments yet.	NULL
4745	 Not in the test. I haven't deployed in test for a long time. I've been deploying in conversion.	NULL
4746	 The only place it's been is that  .	NULL
4747	 Next time you do just remember that you have to go back and run all the...	NULL
4748	 105 through 109.	NULL
4749	 The 1-0whatevers. At least get each of them run once at some point to bring it up to...	NULL
4750	 In dev.	NULL
4751	 current whatever. The scheme in this introduction.	NULL
4752	 My assumption is whoever adds to the database script runs that section that they're adding. They go ahead and do it in dev. That's the assumption I've been going on.	NULL
4753	 In dev, that makes sense, but as far as test.	NULL
4754	 Right. Whenever we deploy the test then I'll do that.	NULL
4755	 As far as I'm concerned you can deploy to test whenever you're ready and we can get back to using...	NULL
4756	 Deploy 1.1 test.	NULL
4757	 Yeah. For next week...	NULL
4758	 when you bring back the database we'll probably take that database and we'll put it on top of my test. That way my test has the latest and we'll quit using the conversion one and we can just go forward from there.	NULL
4759	 After he does the merge then I'll deploy the test.	NULL
4760	 That's fine, whenever it works for you. If it's one day next week that's fine, because I'll continue to test against conversion until after we get the latest one then we'll drop conversion and go back to using test.	NULL
4761	 What I have that we need to talk to them about today. I'm going to ask them what they found out from monitoring the ports because I want to know.  Then the CTDI...	NULL
4762	 There's never a dull moment.	NULL
4763	 Are you sure you want to know?	NULL
4764	 I do, because if we have a problem we need to know, but I don't think we do.	NULL
4765	 That's not why you want to know.	NULL
4766	 No. It's the second part of that because I don't think we do. I want them to know it's not our problem.	NULL
4767	 They don't care.	NULL
4768	 I know, I care. Then CTDI and shift two. That's what I have to talk to them about. What do you all have?	NULL
4769	 The "ship to," and "ship," that...	NULL
4770	 I'm not touching that.	NULL
4771	 Code.	NULL
4772	 The one they want to load is CLLIs in LCAM?	NULL
4773	 Yeah.	NULL
4776	 They want to take the location code and...	F
4777	 put it in the CLLI field.	NULL
4778	 put it in the CLLI field. It's crap.	NULL
4779	 I know.	NULL
4780	 Use the industry standard.	NULL
4781	 I'm talking about the...	NULL
4782	 It does work, across applications.	NULL
4783	 Fuzzy Logic stuff.	NULL
4784	 Yeah, the Fuzzy Logic stuff.	NULL
4785	 Can we give that to Kim too?	NULL
4786	 He has it.	NULL
4787	 He already has the Fuzzy Logic?	NULL
4788	 He has it.	NULL
4789	 It's in the conversion package.	NULL
4790	 The conversion package. They don't understand it, but that's where it is.	NULL
4791	  It's somewhere in this  box.	NULL
4792	  my hands.	NULL
4793	 It's in Arabic too, by the way.	NULL
4794	 Upside down and backwards.	NULL
4795	 All right it's time to call them.	NULL
4796	 Please enter the conference key.	NULL
4797	 He doesn't feel good today, so he took the day off and he was already taking tomorrow off.	NULL
4798	  tomorrow.	NULL
4799	 Hi, who's on the call?	NULL
4800	 Jim  .	NULL
4801	 Violet.	NULL
4802	 Good morning. It's Kim.	NULL
4803	 Jim, Violet, and Kim. Anybody else?	NULL
4804	 DJ's here.	NULL
4807	 I also just got an email this morning that there's another server that has a similar issue, so I'm going to take a look at that and compare and contrast what's happening on our production servers with that server, so...	NULL
4808	 Kim when you say...	NULL
4809	 it's nice to know we've temporarily fixed what was wrong with our production servers by rebooting them, I don't think that's a long-term solution.	NULL
4810	 Kim when you say they're using ports which port is it? Is it connections for the database server, or are they connections for the client Web browser?	NULL
4811	 I'm looking at the Web servers and using a tool called TCPView that I downloaded from the Microsoft site, and so it's looking at basically TCP ports.	NULL
4812	 Which TCP port, for which service?	NULL
4813	 Let's see, does it say?	NULL
4814	 If it's HTTP ports, or HTTP traffic, I mean that would help narrow down what the potential problem could be. If it's the ports used by SQL server that could also, that points in one direction or the other, right?	NULL
4815	 Right, this particular utility, it tells me what the addresses are that are being attached, so based on that we could probably tell what the local ports are and the remote ports.	NULL
4816	 Off the top of my head, if you could narrow it down. Is it network traffic related to the Web servers going to the client, or traffic going back to the database?	NULL
4817	 I'm not even sure that this is what caused the issue. But I was tracking some of the errors out of the event log and one of the suggestions pointed me to this utility as a way to monitor. I'm trying to remember.	NULL
4818	 I think it actually said that if it ran out of ports it would match up with some of the things that we've been seeing where it appeared to be a network issue, but maybe it's actually not the network maybe it's the interface on the servers running out of resources, making it appear that the issue was a network issue. But as I gather more information I'll let you know.	NULL
4819	 OK.	NULL
4820	 OK.	NULL
4821	 Ask him what's on the other server that you're talking about?	NULL
4822	 Pardon?	NULL
4823	 What's on the other server that's having similar issues that you were talking about?	NULL
4824	 Actually it was one of the disaster recovery servers.	NULL
4825	 Right, and so that's what, again, doesn't make any sense and you might want to look at your remedy tickets because it seems like the virtual server for LCAM in Fort Wayne, you just got a remedy ticket on it?	NULL
4826	 Yes, that's what I'm looking at.	NULL
4827	 Yeah, again, did Roger ever come back to say there was anything else, any other server in that data center that was having issues?	NULL
4828	 I chatted with him this morning, I IMd with him this morning and he said that there's nothing else that he's aware of, that he's heard of, or seen that would be similar to what we're experiencing.	NULL
4829	 At some point you can certainly get Matt involved, since they're his virtual servers, and ask him to put some resources towards it.	NULL
4830	 He contributed a little yesterday. He responded to my email so I plan to pursue this with him too, thanks.	NULL
4831	 OK, thank you.	NULL
4832	 The other thing that I had on my list was the CTDI interface and the ship to email that came out this morning. I don't know what our options are at this point and we don't have time to make code changes, so I don't think putting the ship to codes in as CLLIs is a viable solution.	A
4832	 The other thing that I had on my list was the CTDI interface and the ship to email that came out this morning. I don't know what our options are at this point and we don't have time to make code changes, so I don't think putting the ship to codes in as CLLIs is a viable solution.	F
4836	 Yeah, a week-and-a -half, two weeks.	NULL
4837	 That they didn't have CLLIs because initially they were thinking that the ship to codes, or the to location codes were CLLIs. But, no we haven't tried to do the Fuzzy Logic Lookup.	NULL
4838	 Does Mike  , does he have the complete set of data elements or the Afinium ship to locations that he called a CLLI but it wasn't a CLLI? Does he have that?	NULL
4839	 From what I've seen, I've only seen the location code and address. I don't remember anything else from that spreadsheet.	NULL
4840	 What do you mean by "address"?	NULL
4841	 Cities, states, zip.	NULL
4842	 It did have the street?	NULL
4843	 I'm pretty sure, but I'll have to look at that spreadsheet again to...	NULL
4844	 I think it did from what I remember from what you sent me, it had a street.	NULL
4845	 Yes, pretty sure it had the street on there, too.	NULL
4846	 I think it had a location name there, too, or something like that.	NULL
4847	 Did it?	NULL
4849	 That was from CTDI what they got from Afinium? We're talking the same thing, right?	NULL
4850	 It was probably on the spreadsheet that Mike sent, I think. Let's see.	NULL
4851	 If you're leaving it on me I don't have any options right now. Somebody else can assist. I don't know.	NULL
4852	 Yes, I don't know what our options are right now, Jim. Let's see. I'm looking at the spreadsheet. We do have the street address, city, and ship to source code. Wait a minute. Some of these look like CLLIs.	NULL
4853	 Yes, some of their location codes they have made look similar to CLLIs. Some of them have underscores in them. Some of them have...	NULL
4854	 Like the one example I sent, Marion, Maine, I just picked it because that's where I live, but coincidentally the street address was the same. I know we have all sorts of versions out there so that wasn't meant to act like, "Oh, this is easy to do."	NULL
4855	 But Kevin and I went down different paths with some Afinium people but we kept going down these paths, and it's like, there was no table that gave those Afinium ship to type locations tied to anything we could map actually there.	NULL
4856	 Even if we put those in...	NULL
4857	 I was like you. I was waiting for procurement to come through. I kept thinking, "Well, he must have something." Then Tom's last email was like, "Oh..."	NULL
4858	 Even if those do look like CLLIs they still don't have...They don't have the company, like the Afinium company and the OACs.	NULL
4859	 We're left with the same situation.	NULL
4860	 That's what I mean, that's where we're left.	NULL
4861	 It still doesn't help us because it's still going to...	NULL
4862	 Right. Exactly, because...	NULL
4863	 Yes, they weren't CLLI codes. They had sometimes a full name, sometimes part name, sometimes...Like, Marion had, "Marion 222," on it, because that's the street address, but then those is what we were trying to tie to at least some kind of Afinium company, and that's where we came to dead ends. They don't do that in their world.	NULL
4864	 What about a combination of city, state and zip? Would that get us pretty close to an Afinium company?	NULL
4865	 I think it would. I'd leave the street address off if you still don't get multiple hits.	NULL
4866	 There's two options, maybe three. Somebody goes in and hand-jams brand-new CLLIs for all of these location codes that they've got, and then somebody at CTDI would have to tie those location codes back to the CLLI code change on their part.	NULL
4867	 Number two is use some sort of Fuzzy Logic magic to group up data in that spreadsheet to data in LCAM to get a CLLI so that they can map a location code to the CLLI code change on CTDI's part. Or number three, we force all of the location codes into the CLLI field, which probably won't work, because I thought I saw some that were larger than 13 characters, and they don't follow a normal path.	NULL
4868	 We may be able to just take the first 11 or 13 of it and have the rest of it in something else, and they would send over the raw location code coaching on our part. There's only three options.	NULL
4869	 I do believe...	NULL
4870	 Mike was willing, if we could...	NULL
4871	 was hoping it just had a one-to-on match to it up-front, before I send it to you.	NULL
4872	 What was that, Jim?	NULL
4873	 I think Mike  , if we did have the mapping one-to-one for the Afinium location to ship via CLLIs for LCAM I think he was willing to do that on his end up-front.	NULL
4874	 If we send a one-time cross...?	NULL
4875	 Yeah.	NULL
4876	 Could we get the low-hanging fruit right now? There's always going to be...	NULL
4877	 What's that?	NULL
4878	 Can we get the low-hanging fruit right now? There's obviously going to be some of that stuff matches perfectly, right? Everything matches on address perfectly.	NULL
4879	 I don't know how many that would end up being, but that seems like it would be a pretty simple query to perform is just take what we have on that spreadsheet, take what we have in LCAM, do a join based on the address fields.	NULL
4880	 There might be 10,000 location codes in there. You might end up with a thousand matches, but at least that's a thousand that you would have that we don't have to look at again. That would be low-hanging fruit to me.	NULL
4881	 That could be done by someone else other than you.	NULL
4882	 Yes. I'm strapped...	NULL
4883	 I know.	NULL
4884	 right now. I'm trying to do the Verizon thing.	NULL
4885	 Jim, is the list that Mike sent out, is that an exhaustive list? Because he only sent out of 300 and something ship to codes or location codes.	NULL
4886	 Let's see. That's the other problem. I'm getting a lot of different lists, working on different projects. What list was that?	NULL
4887	 That was an email from...Actually that was from you.	NULL
4888	 Initially Mike sent it out. It was called, "Missing," underscore, "CLLI," underscore, "Code."	NULL
4889	 I took care of that. That was unrelated. That's another project. Sorry. They sent another one out for me to find the OAC. I was wondering if it was this project, but he clarified it wasn't.	NULL
4890	 Oh.	NULL
4891	 That's why I was asking earlier, "Have we really ever gotten a complete list so we know what we're dealing with?"	NULL
4892	 Do we actually need the list of ship tos and addresses from Afinium?	NULL
4893	 He might have the same copy. I'd rather get it from him if that's where we're...	NULL
4894	 That makes sense, because it's his data.	NULL
4895	 That's fine.	NULL
4896	 He gets it from Afinium. He's already been set up with Afinium for a while.	NULL
4897	 We need to get that list, and then if we can do like Brian said, just be able to get an exact match on the address information, then we can find the CLLI based on that. I don't know how many would be an exact match versus ones that are close.	NULL
4898	 Yes, if you had his list, say the primary fields are the Afinium locations, of whatever they call it, ship to, and then the address, city, state, zip code, and I liked Brian's first suggestion if you just go by the city, state, zip code and then maybe list them all side by side, and then the ones that match versus the ones that didn't, we could possibly get somebody to help manually do some of those to at least get started.	NULL
4899	 Or if your first pass is with the city or the address, then the second pass leave that out and see if it's close. Does Afinium or LCAM, what's your quantity of ship via CLLIs?	NULL
4900	 I don't know how many we have.	NULL
4901	 That's a good question.	NULL
4902	 I was just looking at that.	NULL
4903	 Let me get with Mike. I'll have him send what he has. If he doesn't then I'll have to get with Afinium's whole team to see if we can get what they have.	NULL
4904	 If you can get that to us as soon as you can then we'll go from there.	NULL
4905	 All right.	NULL
4906	 OK. I guess if we're through talking about that the third thing on my list was...I don't know. I heard somebody else join. Was that Ron, by any chance? OK, I guess not. The Shields interface stuff I know Brenda sent another email this morning, and we've looked briefly at that.	NULL
4907	 All those shipments for new equipment yesterday that came from Shields were sent as good equipment. This morning they started sending new equipment as "adds," like they should be. The stuff that Brenda sent the emails about this morning that we'll have to clean up to get them to go into LCAM.	NULL
4908	 Who does the clean up?	NULL
4909	 We do.	NULL
4910	 OK. I couldn't remember.	NULL
4911	 It'll be me, or Adam, or Grady. One of us will be working on that.	NULL
4912	 He didn't set it up yet?	NULL
4913	 Well, apparently he did it maybe instead of...I thought it was supposed to be the night before last at midnight, but apparently that didn't happen, and maybe it happened last night at midnight, because we did see some that came in early this morning that were adds and that's as far as we got to look.	NULL
4914	 Yes, the first ones came in about 4:28 this morning Central. I don't know which time zone that is, but 4:28 this morning was when the first new equipment message was received.	NULL
4915	 All right. OK.	NULL
4916	 Yes, so we'll work on cleaning up those previous ones that they sent that were sent with incorrect information, and anything from today forward we can hope that it's working correctly.  Like I said, we haven't had a chance to follow it all the way through and make sure, but it did create assets.	NULL
4917	 The assets are getting written on, the ones I've checked. Even the one we looked at this morning, it did get written on.	NULL
4918	 OK. I must have been putting in the pin wrong.	NULL
4919	 Good.	NULL
4920	  , but so far, things are getting written on as expected.	NULL
4921	 I guess that was the last really untested part of the interface that we had. Right now we can cross our fingers and say that we're good with that interface.  We think we're good with that interface, anyway. That was all I had on my list. Did you all have anything that we needed to talk about this morning?	NULL
4923	 A couple of days?	NULL
4924	 we're not going to have the data until after the 2nd.	NULL
4925	 Oh my God. 	NULL
4926	 We would be starting either very late on the 2nd or early on the 3rd of April.	NULL
4927	 What I had on April 1st was that you would cut off access to LCAM so that we could do a backup of your production database, and then LCAM would remain down until all the conversion was done. Is that not the plan?	NULL
4928	 We're actually not going to get the data until maybe early on the 3rd. There's really no reason to take down the database on the 1st...	NULL
4929	 Let's back up a little bit, because...	NULL
4930	 on the application.	NULL
4931	 It's 12 hours' worth of work.	NULL
4933	 No. We don't care.	NULL
4934	 I don't have an issue with that.	NULL
4935	 It's just going to take us that many hours to do the work. You tell us...	NULL
4936	 you and Larry and Kim think about that.	NULL
4937	 What she's saying will help us out, so...	NULL
4938	 Yeah.	NULL
4939	 It will help us out.	NULL
4940	 Jim you have to drop  , so do you want to weigh in on that?	NULL
4941	 That's why I put it that way.	NULL
4942	  . Kim, what do you think the issues are, taking it down? We asked for techs to be available on Saturdays, and they say they do not schedule work on Saturdays. Unless Jim or Larry or our team's going to be in there on Saturday, I don't see...	NULL
4943	 When we did a look at the data that was falling into  , I haven't looked at the data falling into LCAM, but nearly every Saturday and Sunday, weekend days, and even sometimes holidays, we saw transactions falling into  from people doing scanning.	NULL
4944	 No, they weren't, because we will turn them off.	NULL
4945	 It was very much reduced from the weekdays, but there were still some transactions.	NULL
4946	 I think to DJ's point, by stopping on Friday afternoon, it allows us to get about half of the work that we have to do done Friday evening instead of eight hours or nine hours of work, total, that we have to do...If we don't bring it down on Friday night, and we can't bring it down until Saturday, you're not going to be back up Monday morning, because it takes us longer. The hours are on there.	NULL
4947	 ISO43, like at 4:00 PM Pacific...Anyway, it doesn't matter. I don't think it's any big deal. I'll check with Jim, because he has a drop. At this point, Susan, just plan on having it by 5:00 PM Pacific on the 1st.	NULL
4948	 OK. Kim, will you be able to do the, I think it was step seven?	NULL
4949	 He probably doesn't know...	NULL
4950	 Which is the scripts.	NULL
4951	 Sure, I can run the scripts. Are they scripts that I need to create, or scripts that you're creating and you just need me to launch?	NULL
4953	 If it's possible, if I can give you those scripts, that would be a great help to me, a great benefit to me, to get you to run those on your network, without actually having to have a VPN established. Or, if you could point me to a...	NULL
4954	 Yes, that's something I can do.	NULL
4955	 database server that I can remote into and execute the scripts, I could do that as well. The main thing I'm trying to get around is having a VPN drop and the extract stop.	NULL
4956	 Yes, I can do that.	NULL
4957	 Thank you very much.	NULL
4958	 Thanks. For now, we'll just assume that schedule is good enough. If something comes up and changes that, then you all just let us know, and we'll go from there. Anything else we need to talk about? I know it's been a long call, but we have a lot going on. 	NULL
4959	 Yeah, Susan, no rush on the email I sent yesterday for the change request. I know they want to take their time and do it right and give as correct an estimate as possible. We did our best-guess scenario, and that's all we could do. I wanted to let you know not to have to push that through faster than they wanted to do it.	NULL
4961	 I know, and I did not expect the window to close that quickly. I should be getting used to it, I should be used to it, but I keep thinking something's going to change. But don't worry about it.	NULL
4962	 OK, thanks. Anything else anybody had? No? All right, thanks, everybody.	NULL
4963	 Have a good day.	NULL
4964	 Bye.	NULL
5781	  Did she give you that template data or anything?	NULL
7039	  Oh, OK.	NULL
7160	 I can't imagine when. This one is, they're reverse retiring.  . They're writing assets into the 1220 account. That's why it's this many days. Today, if they go...That actually   , can they do this? Search in assets and reverse retirement of 1220.	NULL
7256	  Well, let me see if I know what you're talking about. I'm not at all sure. Have I found hardwire? That hardwire? Partially found. That's a hardwire, right?	NULL
7485	 He's usually my good one. The one that puts the tasks out there   .	NULL
7493	  Yeah, it's all Brian. I sent that email out this morning. I don't know if you looked at it yet. You know that issue where I said it was weird on those ZFR's? There were two audit trail records that flipped it back. It's also doing it when they manually edit stuff on the edit assets screen.	NULL
7598	  It wouldn't be treated like take the old one out and replace it with the new one?	NULL